71 County Durham England 1984 the miners strike has started and the police have started coming up from Bethnal Green starting a class war with the lower classes suffering caught in the middle of the conflict is 11-year old Billy Elliot who after leaving his boxing club for the day stubbles upon a ballet class and finds out that he's naturally talented. He practices with his teacher Mrs Wilkinson for an upcoming audition in Newcastle-upon Tyne the audition is for the royal Ballet school in London.
98 In the year 180 the death of emperor Marcus Aurelius throws the Roman Empire into chaos.  Maximus is one of the Roman army's most capable and trusted generals and a key advisor to the emperor.  As Marcus' devious son Commodus ascends to the throne Maximus is set to be executed.  He escapes but is captured by slave traders.  Renamed Spaniard and forced to become a gladiator Maximus must battle to the death with other men for the amusement of paying audiences.
121 Frodo Baggins and the other members of the Fellowship continue on their sacred quest to destroy the One Ring--but on separate paths. Their destinies lie at two towers--Orthanc Tower in Isengard where the corrupt wizard Saruman awaits and Sauron's fortress at Barad-dur deep within the dark lands of Mordor. Frodo and Sam are trekking to Mordor to destroy the One Ring of Power while Gimli Legolas and Aragorn search for the orc-captured Merry and Pippin. All along nefarious wizard Saruman awaits the Fellowship members at the Orthanc Tower in Isengard.
201 En route to the honeymoon of William Riker to Deanna Troi on her home planet of Betazed Captain Jean-Luc Picard and the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise receives word from Starfleet that a coup has resulted in the installation of a new Romulan political leader Shinzon who claims to seek peace with the human-backed United Federation of Planets. Once in enemy territory the captain and his crew make a startling discovery: Shinzon is human a slave from the Romulan sister planet of Remus and has a secret shocking relationship to Picard himself.
"333 Rahul Seth is a dashing young millionaire who believes he is ""western"" enough to rebel against his mother and grandmother. They are not too keen about his Caucasian girlfriend Kimberly who to make matters worse is a pop star. Before you can say ""karmic intervention"" Kimberly dies in a freak accident and Rahul is devastated. Instead of allowing him to mourn in peace Rahul's mother sees the opportunity she's been waiting for. She threatens to call off his sister's wedding unless he finds himself a ""nice Indian girl."" Rahul enlists the services of Sue a fiercely independent escort whom he believes to be Hispanic and therefore not ""married"" to the conventions taught to young Indian women. With a wink in her eye Sue accepts the deal to pose as his Indian bride-to-be. She needs the money and having never been a fan of the typical Indian male she feels her heart is safe. The charade begins...."
588 Rose a desperate mother takes her adopted daughter Sharon to the town of Silent Hill in an attempt to cure her of her ailment. After a violent car crash Sharon disappears and Rose begins a desperate search to get her back. She descends into the center of the twisted reality of a town's terrible secret. Pursued by grotesquely deformed creatures and townspeople stuck in permanent purgatory Rose begins to uncover the truth behind the apocalyptic disaster that burned the town 30 years earlier.
604 Six months after the events depicted in The Matrix Neo has proved to be a good omen for the free humans as more and more humans are being freed from the matrix and brought to Zion the one and only stronghold of the Resistance.  Neo himself has discovered his superpowers including super speed ability to see the codes of the things inside the matrix and a certain degree of pre-cognition. But a nasty piece of news hits the human resistance: 250000 machine sentinels are digging to Zion and would reach them in 72 hours. As Zion prepares for the ultimate war Neo Morpheus and Trinity are advised by the Oracle to find the Keymaker who would help them reach the Source.  Meanwhile Neo's recurrent dreams depicting Trinity's death have got him worried and as if it was not enough Agent Smith has somehow escaped deletion has become more powerful than before and has fixed Neo as his next target.
608 Kay and Jay reunite to provide our best last and only line of defense against a sinister seductress who levels the toughest challenge yet to the MIB's untarnished mission statement – protecting Earth from the scum of the universe. It's been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions. Now it's a race against the clock as Jay must convince Kay – who not only has absolutely no memory of his time spent with the MIB but is also the only living person left with the expertise to save the galaxy – to reunite with the MIB before the earth submits to ultimate destruction.
663 Jigsaw and his apprentice Amanda are dead. Now upon the news of Detective Kerry's murder two seasoned FBI profilers Agent Strahm and Agent Perez arrive in the terrified community to assist the veteran Detective Hoffman in sifting through Jigsaw's latest grisly remains and piecing together the puzzle. However when SWAT Commander Rigg is abducted and thrust into a game the last officer untouched by Jigsaw has but ninety minutes to overcome a series of demented traps and save an old friend...or face the deadly consequences.
767 As Lord Voldemort tightens his grip on both the Muggle and wizarding worlds Hogwarts is no longer a safe haven. Harry suspects perils may even lie within the castle but Dumbledore is more intent upon preparing him for the final battle fast approaching. Together they work to find the key to unlock Voldemorts defenses and to this end Dumbledore recruits his old friend and colleague Horace Slughorn whom he believes holds crucial information. Even as the decisive showdown looms romance blossoms for Harry Ron Hermione and their classmates. Love is in the air but danger lies ahead and Hogwarts may never be the same again.
953 Alex the lion is the king of the urban jungle the main attraction at New York's Central Park Zoo. He and his best friends—Marty the zebra Melman the giraffe and Gloria the hippo—have spent their whole lives in blissful captivity before an admiring public and with regular meals provided for them. Not content to leave well enough alone Marty lets his curiosity get the better of him and makes his escape—with the help of some prodigious penguins—to explore the world.
1088 On the east coast of New Zealand the Whangara people believe their presence there dates back a thousand years or more to a single ancestor Paikea who escaped death when his canoe capsized by riding to shore on the back of a whale. From then on Whangara chiefs always the first-born always male have been considered Paikea's direct descendants. Pai an 11-year-old girl in a patriarchal New Zealand tribe believes she is destined to be the new chief. But her grandfather Koro is bound by tradition to pick a male leader. Pai loves Koro more than anyone in the world but she must fight him and a thousand years of tradition to fulfill her destiny.
1126 Paul (Macfadyen) a prize-winning war journalist returns to his remote New Zealand hometown due to the death of his father battle-scarred and world-weary. For the discontented sixteen-year-old Celia (Barclay) he opens up a world she has only dreamed of. She actively pursues a friendship with him fascinated by his cynicism and experience of the world beyond her small-town existence. But many including the members of both their families (Otto Moy) frown upon the friendship and when Celia goes missing Paul becomes the increasingly loathed and persecuted prime suspect in her disappearance. As the violent and urgent truth gradually emerges Paul is forced to confront the family tragedy and betrayal that he ran from as a youth and to face the grievous consequences of silence and secrecy that has surrounded his entire adult life.
1164 In Babel a tragic incident involving an American couple in Morocco sparks a chain of events for four families in different countries throughout the world. In the struggle to overcome isolation fear and displacement each character discovers that it is family that ultimately provides solace. In the remote sands of the Moroccan desert a rifle shot rings out  detonating a chain of events that will link an American tourist couples frantic struggle to survive two Moroccan boys involved in an accidental crime a nanny illegally crossing into Mexico with two American children and a Japanese teen rebel whose father is sought by the police in Tokyo. Separated by clashing cultures and sprawling distances each of these four disparate groups of people are nevertheless hurtling towards a shared destiny of isolation and grief.
1430 This is not a film about gun control. It is a film about the fearful heart and soul of the United States and the 280 million Americans lucky enough to have the right to a constitutionally protected Uzi. From a look at the Columbine High School security camera tapes to the home of Oscar-winning NRA President Charlton Heston from a young man who makes homemade napalm with The Anarchist's Cookbook to the murder of a six-year-old girl by another six-year-old. Bowling for Columbine is a journey through the US through our past hoping to discover why our pursuit of happiness is so riddled with violence.
"1487 In the final days of World War II the Nazis attempt to use black magic to aid their dying cause. The Allies raid the camp where the ceremony is taking place but not before they summon a baby demon who is rescued by Allied forces and dubbed ""Hellboy"". Sixty years later Hellboy serves the cause of good rather than evil as an agent in the Bureau of Paranormal Research & Defense along with Abe Sapien - a merman with psychic powers and Liz Sherman - a woman with pyrokinesis protecting America against dark forces."
1577 As the city is locked down under quarantine Alice finds out that the people that died from the previous incident at the Umbrella Corporation have turned into zombies. She then joins a small band of elite soldiers who are enlisted to rescue the missing daughter of the creator of the mutating T-virus.  Once lack of luck and resources happen they begin to wage an exhilarating battle to survive and escape before the Umbrella Corporation erases its experiment from the face of the earth.
1590 A fictionalised exploration of Beethoven's life in his final days working on his Ninth Symphony. It is 1824. Beethoven is racing to finish his new symphony. However it has been years since his last success and he is plagued by deafness loneliness and personal trauma. A copyist is urgently needed to help the composer. A fictional character is introduced in the form of a young conservatory student and aspiring composer named Anna Holtz. The mercurial Beethoven is skeptical that a woman might become involved in his masterpiece but slowly comes to trust in Anna's assistance and in the end becomes quite fond of her. By the time the piece is performed her presence in his life is an absolute necessity. Her deep understanding of his work is such that she even corrects mistakes he has made while her passionate personality opens a door into his private world.
1656 Having spent the last 10 years fighting injustice and cruelty Alejandro de la Vega is now facing his greatest challenge: his loving wife Elena has thrown him out of the house!  Elena has filed for divorce and found comfort in the arms of Count Armand a dashing French aristocrat.  But Alejandro knows something she doesn't: Armand is the evil mastermind behind a terrorist plot to destroy the United States.  And so with his marriage and the county's future at stake it's up to Zorro to save two unions before it's too late.
"1738 Las Vegas showroom magician Cris Johnson has a secret which torments him: he can see a few minutes into the future. Sick of the examinations he underwent as a child and the interest of the government and medical establishment in his power he lies low under an assumed name in Vegas performing cheap tricks and living off small-time gambling ""winnings."" But when a terrorist group threatens to detonate a nuclear device in Los Angeles government agent Callie Ferris must use all her wiles to capture Cris and convince him to help her stop the cataclysm."
1900 An exploration of the United States of America's war on drugs from multiple perspectives. For the new head of the Office of National Drug Control Policy the war becomes personal when he discovers his well-educated daughter is abusing cocaine within their comfortable suburban home. In Mexico a flawed but noble policeman agrees to testify against a powerful general in league with a cartel and in San Diego a drug kingpin's sheltered trophy wife must learn her husband's ruthless business after he is arrested endangering her luxurious lifestyle.
1930 Peter Parker is an outcast high schooler abandoned by his parents as a boy leaving him to be raised by his Uncle Ben and Aunt May. Like most teenagers Peter is trying to figure out who he is and how he got to be the person he is today. As Peter discovers a mysterious briefcase that belonged to his father he begins a quest to understand his parents' disappearance – leading him directly to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors his father's former partner. As Spider-Man is set on a collision course with Connors' alter ego The Lizard Peter will make life-altering choices to use his powers and shape his destiny to become a hero.
1944 Set in the privileged beach community of East Hampton New York and chronicles one pivotal summer in the lives of famous children's book author Ted Cole and his wife Marion. Their once-great marriage has been strained by tragedy. Her resulting despondency and his subsequent infidelities have prevented the couple from confronting a much-needed change in their relationship. Eddie O'Hare the young man Ted hires to work as his summer assistant is the couple's unwitting yet willing pawn - and ultimately the catalyst in the transformation of their lives.
1957 Working-class waitress Slim thought she was entering a life of domestic bliss when she married Mitch the man of her dreams. After the arrival of their first child her picture perfect life is shattered when she discovers Mitch's hidden possessive dark side a controlling and abusive alter ego that can turn trust love and tranquility into terror. Terrified for her child's safety Slim flees with her daughter. Relentless in his pursuit and enlisting the aid of lethal henchmen Mitch continually stalks the prey that was once his family.
2171 The setting is Camp Firewood the year 1981. It's the last day before everyone goes back to the real world but there's still a summer's worth of unfinished business to resolve. At the center of the action is camp director Beth who struggles to keep order while she falls in love with the local astrophysics professor. He is busy trying to save the camp from a deadly piece of NASA's Skylab which is hurtling toward earth. All that plus: a dangerous waterfall rescue love triangles misfits cool kids and talking vegetable cans. The questions will all be resolved of course at the big talent show at the end of the day.
2324 A successful artist looks back with loving memories on the summer of his defining year 1974. A talented but troubled 18-year-old aspiring artist befriends a brilliant elderly alcoholic painter who has turned his back on not only art but life. The two form what appears to be at first a tenuous relationship. The kid wants to learn all the secrets the master has locked away inside his head and heart. Time has not been kind to the old master. His life appears pointless to him until the kid rekindles his interest in his work and ultimately gives him the will to live. Together they give one another a priceless gift. The kid learns to see the world through the master's eyes. And the master learns to see life through the eyes of innocence again. This story is based on a real life experience.
2787 When their ship crash-lands on a remote planet the marooned passengers soon learn that escaped convict Riddick isn't the only thing they have to fear. Deadly creatures lurk in the shadows waiting to attack in the dark and the planet is rapidly plunging into the utter blackness of a total eclipse. With the body count rising the doomed survivors are forced to turn to Riddick with his eerie eyes to guide them through the darkness to safety. With time running out there's only one rule: Stay in the light.
2844 In the spring of 1913 Parisian businessman Gabriel Astruc opens a new theater on the Champs Elysées. The first performance is the premiere of Igor Stravinsky's 'The Rite of Spring' danced by the Ballet Russes. The rehearsal process is extremely fraught: the orchestra dislike Stravinsky's harsh atonal music; the dancers dislike the 'ugly' choreography of Vaslav Nijinsky. The volatile bisexual Nijinsky is in a strained relationship with the much older Sergei Diaghilev the Ballet Russes' charismatic but manipulative impresario. Public expectation is extremely high after Nijinsky's success in 'L'apres-midi d'un faune'. Finally 'The Rite of Spring' premieres to a gossip-loving febrile fashion-conscious Parisian audience sharply divided as to its merits.
3003 This Lost World is a splendid BBC TV dramatisation of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's famous adventure story. Bob Hoskins makes an unusually genial Professor Challenger far less of a bully than Doyle's character but his slightly stereotyped companions are nicely filled out by a solid cast. James Fox is Challenger's more timid but still covertly adventurous rival Tom Ward is the moustachioed big game hunter who faces an Allosaurus with an elephant gun and Matthew Rhys plays the tagalong reporter hoping to impress his faithless fiancée.
3989 Team America World Police follows an international police force dedicated to maintaining global stability. Learning that dictator Kim Jong il is out to destroy the world the team recruits Broadway star Gary Johnston to go undercover. With the help of Team America Gary manages to uncover the plan to destroy the world. Will Team America be able to save it in time? It stars… Samuel L Jackson Tim Robbins Sean Penn Michael Moore Helen Hunt Matt Damon Susan Sarandon George Clooney Danny Glover Ethan Hawke Alec Baldwin… or does it?
4133 A boy named George Jung grows up in a struggling family in the 1950's. His mother nags at her husband as he is trying to make a living for the family. It is finally revealed that George's father cannot make a living and the family goes bankrupt. George does not want the same thing to happen to him and his friend Tuna in the 1960's suggests that he deal marijuana. He is a big hit in California in the 1960's yet he goes to jail where he finds out about the wonders of cocaine. As a result when released he gets rich by bringing cocaine to America. However he soon pays the price.
4351 American corporations are using the North American Free Trade Agreement by opening large maquiladoras right across the United States–Mexico border. The maquiladoras hire mostly Mexican women to work long hours for little money in order to produce mass quantity products. Lauren Adrian an impassioned American news reporter for the Chicago Sentinel wants to be assigned to the Iraq front-lines to cover the war. Instead her editor George Morgan assigns her to investigate a series of slayings involving young maquiladora factory women in a Mexican bordertown.
"4523 The beautiful princess Giselle is banished by an evil queen from her magical musical animated land and finds herself in the gritty reality of the streets of modern-day Manhattan. Shocked by this strange new environment that doesn't operate on a ""happily ever after"" basis Giselle is now adrift in a chaotic world badly in need of enchantment. But when Giselle begins to fall in love with a charmingly flawed divorce lawyer who has come to her aid - even though she is already promised to a perfect fairy tale prince back home - she has to wonder: Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world?"
4890 The film follows Mr. Shi a retired widower from Beijing. When his only daughter Yilan who lives in Spokane Washington and works as a librarian gets divorced he decides to visit her to help her heal. However Yilan is not interested. She tries keeping an emotional distance but when this finally fails she begins physically avoiding her father. He confronts her about an affair with a married Russian man and she in turn lets loose about all the gossip she'd heard as a young girl about his alleged affair with a female colleague back in China.
4922 I was born under unusual circumstances. And so begins The Curious Case of Benjamin Button adapted from the 1920s story by F. Scott Fitzgerald about a man who is born in his eighties and ages backwards: a man like any of us who is unable to stop time. We follow his story set in New Orleans from the end of World War I in 1918 into the 21st century following his journey that is as unusual as any man's life can be. Benjamin Button is a grand tale of a not-so-ordinary man and the people and places he discovers along the way the loves he finds the joys of life and the sadness of death and what lasts beyond time.
5145 During the '80s a young man named Frankie dreams of escaping London's South East region and his mother's thug of a boyfriend gives him just the opportunity. After beating up the abusive beau Frankie runs off to Spain where he lands a job delivering a package to the dapper Playboy Charlie a gangster who takes him under his wing. Working as Charlie's driver Frankie is immersed in a world of fast cars and pretty women -- but all the excess could be his undoing.
5172 Texan Charles Farmer left the Air Force as a young man to save the family ranch when his dad died. Like most American ranchers he owes his bank. Unlike most he's an astrophysicist with a rocket in his barn - one he's built and wants to take into space. It's his dream. The FBI puts him under surveillance when he tries to buy rocket fuel and the FAA stalls him when he files a flight plan – but Charles is undeterred.
5175 It's vacation time for Carter as he finds himself alongside Lee in Hong Kong wishing for more excitement. While Carter wants to party and meet the ladies Lee is out to track down a Triad gang lord who may be responsible for killing two men at the American Embassy. Things get complicated as the pair stumble onto a counterfeiting plot. The boys are soon up to their necks in fist fights and life-threatening situations. A trip back to the U.S. may provide the answers about the bombing the counterfeiting and the true allegiance of sexy customs agent Isabella.
5289 In Seattle detective Quentin Conners is unfairly suspended and his partner Jason York leaves the police force after a tragic shooting on Pearl Street Bridge when the hostage and the criminal die. During a bank heist with a hostage situation Conners is assigned in charge of the operation with the rookie Shane Dekker as his partner. The thieves lead by Lorenz apparently do not steal a penny from the bank. While chasing the gangsters the police team disclose that they planted a virus in the system stealing one billion dollars from the different accounts using the principle of the Chaos Theory. Further they find that Lorenz is killing his accomplices.
5764 Sherwood forest has a courageous new hero - Gwyn the daughter of Robin Hood. Possessing the cunning skills of her legendary father and the beauty and intelligence of her mother Maid Marian Gwyn is anxious to follow in her father's footsteps. King Richard nears death and Robin Hood and his Merry Men are summoned to help bring Richard's son Philip to his rightful place on the throne before the evil Prince John can assume power. Robin Hood's life and that of the future King of England soon lies in Gwyn's hands when Robin is captured and sentenced to death.
5960 Leni takes Rafi to meet her family in Madrid. Leni's family is Jewish - mother father older sister and daughter brother and grandfather. Rafi is Palestinian in Spain since age 12. Before her father returns from work Leni reveals Rafi's origins. He accidentally drops a block of frozen soup out the flat window probably killing a passerby. Leni initiates a cover-up and Rafi figures out the body is probably Leni's father. The body disappears and without telling the rest of the family what they know Leni and Rafi organize a search for dad. Mom is sure he's having an affair. Leni's belly-dancing sister kisses Rafi. Her brother grabs a rifle to shoot the Arab. Can anything be put right?
5994 Jack's lavish fast-paced lifestyle changes one Christmas night when he stumbles into a grocery store holdup and disarms the gunman. The next morning he wakes up in bed lying next to Kate his college sweetheart he left in order to pursue his career and to the horrifying discovery that his former life no longer exists. As he stumbles through this alternate suburban universe Jack finds himself at a crossroad where he must choose between his high-power career and the woman he loves.
6110 Agatha Christie's classic whodunit speeds into the twenty-first century. World-famous sleuth Hercule Poirot has just finished a case in Istanbul and is returning home to London onboard the luxurious Orient Express. But the train comes to a sudden halt when a rock slide blocks the tracks ahead. And all the thrills of riding the famous train come to a halt when a man discovered dead in his compartment stabbed nine times. The train is stranded. No one has gotten on or gotten off. That can only mean one thing: the killer is onboard and it is up to Hercule Poirot to find him. [from imdb.com]
7093 In 1671 with war brewing with Holland a penniless prince invites Louis XIV to three days of festivities at a chateau in Chantilly. The prince wants a commission as a general so the extravagances are to impress the king. In charge of all is the steward Vatel a man of honor talent and low birth. The prince is craven in his longing for stature: no task is too menial or dishonorable for him to give Vatel. While Vatel tries to sustain dignity he finds himself attracted to Anne de Montausier the king's newest mistress. In Vatel she finds someone who's authentic living out his principles within the casual cruelties of court politics. Can the two of them escape unscathed?
7303 Marisa Ventura is a struggling single mom who works at a posh Manhattan hotel and dreams of a better life for her and her young son. One fateful day hotel guest and senatorial candidate Christopher Marshall meets Marisa and mistakes her for a wealthy socialite. After an enchanting evening together the two fall madly in love. But when Marisa's true identity is revealed issues of class and social status threaten to separate them. Can two people from very different worlds overcome their differences and live happily ever after?
7350 Corporate billionaire Edward Cole and working class mechanic Carter Chambers are worlds apart. At a crossroads in their lives they share a hospital room and discover they have two things in common: a desire to spend the time they have left doing everything they ever wanted to do and an unrealized need to come to terms with who they are. Together they embark on the road trip of a lifetime becoming friends along the way and learning to live life to the fullest with insight and humor.
7485 A top Marine sniper Bob Lee Swagger leaves the military after a mission goes horribly awry and disappears living in seclusion. He is coaxed back into service after a high-profile government official convinces him to help thwart a plot to kill the President of the United States. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt Swagger becomes the target of a nationwide manhunt. He goes on the run to track the real killer and find out who exactly set him up and why eventually seeking revenge against some of the most powerful and corrupt leaders in the free world.
8065 Ben Campbell is a young highly intelligent student at M.I.T. who strives to succeed. Wanting a scholarship to transfer to Harvard School of Medicine to become a doctor Ben learns that he cannot afford the $300000 tuition as he comes from a poor working-class background. But one evening Ben is introduced by his unorthodox math professor to  a small but secretive club.  Students Jill Choi Kianna and Fisher who are being trained by Professor Rosa in to count cards at blackjack.
8343 Jerry (Jamie Draven) was an idealist when he served in the first Gulf War. But when he was later deployed to Iraq Jerry was an older man a father of three and embittered by broken promises and unfulfilled desires. When Jerry returns from Iraq he has been transformed by horrors that cannot be forgiven. He lives a life of poverty his children afraid of him and his wife Nora (Vinessa Shaw) unsympathetic and unhappy. When Jerry discovers that Nora has betrayed him his anger and despair drive him to commit an act so heinous and irreversible that nothing he had experienced in combat could have prepared him for.
"8359 The Great Depression hits home for nine year old Kit Kittredge when her dad loses his business and leaves to find work. Oscar nominee Abigail Breslin stars as Kit leading a splendid cast in the first ever ""American Girl"" theatrical movie. In order to keep their home Kit and her mother must take in boarders - paying house - guests who turn out to be full of fascinating stories. When mother's lockbox containing all their money is stolen Kit's new hobo friend Will is the prime suspect. Kit refuses to believe that Will would steal and her efforts to sniff out the real story get her and friends into big trouble. The police say the robbery was an inside job committed by someone they know. So if it wasn't Will then who did it."
8456 Jake full of anger after his father's death is just starting to find a place for himself at his new Orlando high school - until Ryan head of an underground MMA fight club picks Jake out as a prime opponent. After being trounced by Ryan in front of the entire school Jake begins training under the firm moral guidance of a MMA master where he learns how to fight... and how to avoid a fight. But it becomes obvious that a rematch will be inevitable if Jake wants to stop Ryan and his bullying once and for all.
8471 In the arctic as Saiva is being born a shaman declares that she is evil and will bring harm to all who become involved with her. Saiva is cast out of her tribe of herders and grows up to live a nomadic existence with Anja a young woman she adopts as an infant. Then Loki an injured and starving soldier stumbles into their isolated lives. The women nurse him back to health but treachery violence and doom await them all.
8747 Thomas is turning 16. His dad's in the army and they've just moved to a town in New South Wales; his mom is pregnant; his older brother Charlie who's autistic has his own adolescent sexual issues. Thomas finds Charlie an embarrassment in public so when Thomas is attracted to Jackie a girl in his swim class Charlie presents any number of obstacles when she drops by their house when the three of them go for a walk and during a family birthday dinner. Can Thomas find a way to enter the world of teen romance and still be his brother's keeper or is Charlie's disability going to prove more than Thomas can handle?
8848 Terry is a small-time car dealer trying to leave his shady past behind and start a family. Martine is a beautiful model from Terry's old neighbourhood who knows that Terry is no angel. When Martine proposes a foolproof plan to rob a bank Terry recognises the danger but realises this may be the opportunity of a lifetime. As the resourceful band of thieves burrows its way into a safe-deposit vault at a Lloyds Bank they quickly realise that besides millions in riches the boxes also contain secrets that implicate everyone from London's most notorious underworld gangsters to powerful government figures and even the Royal Family. Although the heist makes headlines throughout Britain for several days a government gag order eventually brings all reporting of the case to an immediate halt.
8923 After being wrongfully expelled from Harvard University American Matt Buckner flees to his sister's home in England. Once there he is befriended by her charming and dangerous brother-in-law Pete Dunham and introduced to the underworld of British football hooliganism. Matt learns to stand his ground through a friendship that develops against the backdrop of this secret and often violent world. 'Green Street Hooligans' is a story of loyalty trust and the sometimes brutal consequences of living close to the edge.
8981 Nine-year-old Frankie and his single mum Lizzie have been on the move ever since Frankie can remember most recently arriving in a seaside Scottish town. Wanting to protect her deaf son from the truth that they've run away from his father Lizzie has invented a story that he is away at sea on the HMS Accra. Every few weeks Lizzie writes Frankie a make-believe letter from his father telling of his adventures in exotic lands. As Frankie tracks the ship's progress around the globe he discovers that it is due to dock in his hometown. With the real HMS Accra arriving in only a fortnight Lizzie must choose between telling Frankie the truth or finding the perfect stranger to play Frankie's father for just one day...
9285 From the director of the Hangover trilogy and Joker Road Trip is a raunchy college comedy classic.  After an Ithaca college student films his one-night stand with a beautiful sorority girl he discovers one of his friends has accidentally mailed the homemade porn tape to his girlfriend. In a frenzy he must borrow a car and hit the road in a desperate bid to intercept the tape.  Featuring a talented cast that includes Breckin Meyer Rachel Blanchard Seann William Scott Amy Smart Fred Ward Tom Green Anthony Rapp Andy Dick and Ethan Suplee.
"9378 Arthur and his two children Kathy and Bobby inherit his Uncle Cyrus's estate: a glass house that serves as a prison to 12 ghosts. When the family accompanied by Bobby's Nanny and an attorney enter the house they find themselves trapped inside an evil machine ""designed by the devil and powered by the dead"" to open the Eye of Hell. Aided by Dennis a ghost hunter and his rival Kalina a ghost rights activist out to set the ghosts free the group must do what they can to get out of the house alive."
9567 Navy SEAL Lieutenant A.K. Waters and his elite squadron of tactical specialists are forced to choose between their duty and their humanity between following orders by ignoring the conflict that surrounds them or finding the courage to follow their conscience and protect a group of innocent refugees. When the democratic government of Nigeria collapses and the country is taken over by a ruthless military dictator Waters a fiercely loyal and hardened veteran is dispatched on a routine mission to retrieve a Doctors Without Borders physician.
9582 Paul Morse is a good guy. When his friends throw him a wild bachelor party he just wants to keep his conscience clean -- which is why he's shocked when he wakes up in bed with a beautiful girl named Becky and can't remember the night before. Desperate to keep his fiancée Karen from finding out what may or may not be the truth he tells her a teensy lie. Soon his lies are spiraling out of control and his life is a series of comical misunderstandings.
9756 Rachel Carson a best-selling crime novelist is devastated and filled with guilt over the accidental death of her son. Hoping that a change of scenery will help alleviate her suffering she leaves her home in the city and moves into a vacant country house owned by a friend and begins a relationship with charming local Angus. But just as her life is taking a turn for the better Rachel realizes she's being romanced by a ghost leading her to doubt her own sanity.
9896 In an ensemble film about easy money greed manipulation and bad driving a Las Vegas casino tycoon entertains his wealthiest high rollers -- a group that will bet on anything -- by pitting six ordinary people against each other in a wild dash for $2 million jammed into a locker hundreds of miles away. The tycoon and his wealthy friends monitor each racer's every move to keep track of their favorites. The only rule in this race is that there are no rules.
9974 A desperate young writer is lured on a wild ride through the desert by a mysterious woman in this darkly comic take on the all-American road trip. Along the way they cross paths with a hapless mobster a 6 foot transvestite and a lovesick housewife all on the way to their celebrity TV shrink in Las Vegas... Things quickly spiral out of control into a dangerous cat-and-mouse game... a writer's frantic search for inspiration becomes intertwined with a motley crew of quirky characters seeking love and adventure at any cost.
9992 Arthur is a spirited ten-year old whose parents are away looking for work whose eccentric grandfather has been missing for several years and who lives with his grandmother in a country house that in two days will be repossessed torn down and turned into a block of flats unless Arthur's grandfather returns to sign some papers and pay off the family debt. Arthur discovers that the key to success lies in his own descent into the land of the Minimoys creatures no larger than a tooth whom his grandfather helped relocate to their garden. Somewhere among them is hidden a pile of rubies too. Can Arthur be of stout heart and save the day? Romance beckons as well and a villain lurks.
10024 Sara and Brian live an idyllic life with their young son and daughter. But their family is rocked by sudden heartbreaking news that forces them to make a difficult and unorthodox choice in order to save their baby girl's life. The parents' desperate decision raises both ethical and moral questions and rips away at the foundation of their relationship. Their actions ultimately set off a court case that threatens to tear the family apart while revealing surprising truths that challenge everyone's perceptions of love and loyalty and give new meaning to the definition of healing.
10028 Honey Daniels dreams of making a name for herself as a hip-hop choreographer. When she's not busy hitting downtown clubs with her friends she teaches dance classes at a nearby community center in Harlem N.Y. as a way to keep kids off the streets. Honey thinks she's hit the jackpot when she meets a hotshot director casts her in one of his music videos. But when he starts demanding sexual favors from her Honey makes a decision that will change her life.
10247 A troubled loner Bob Maconel imagines blowing up the tower in Los Angeles where he works. He takes a revolver to his office intent on killing colleagues and then himself. At home he holds conversations with his fish who encourage him to do it. His supervisor picks on him. As he's screwing his courage to the sticking place he drops a bullet; while on the floor looking for it another colleague does exactly what Bob has been planning. Bob emerges a hero and the one colleague he likes a woman with a bright smile is severely wounded. Can Bob help her through despair and find himself and joy in life? Or as everyone says is this impossible for a man like him?
10592 Fourth-generation Army Col. William McNamara is imprisoned in a brutal German POW camp. Still as the senior-ranking American officer he commands his fellow inmates keeping a sense of honor alive in a place where honor is easy to destroy all under the dangerous eye of the Luftwafe vetran Col. Wilhelm Visser. Never giving up the fight to win the war McNamara is silently planning waiting for his moment to strike back at the enemy. A murder in the camp gives him the chance to set a risky plan in motion. With a court martial to keep Visser and the Germans distracted McNamara orchestrates a cunning scheme to escape and destroy a nearby munitions plant enlisting the unwitting help of young Lt. Tommy Hart. Together with his men McNamara uses a hero's resolve to carry out his mission ultimately forced to weigh the value of his life against the good of his country.
10884 How do you reconcile a commitment to non-violence when faced with violence? Why do the poor often seem happier than the rich? Must a society lose its traditions in order to move into the future? These are some of the questions posed to His Holiness the Dalai Lama by filmmaker and explorer Rick Ray. Ray examines some of the fundamental questions of our time by weaving together observations from his own journeys throughout India and the Middle East and the wisdom of an extraordinary spiritual leader. This is his story as told and filmed by Rick Ray during a private visit to his monastery in Dharamsala India over the course of several months. Also included is rare historical footage as well as footage supplied by individuals who at great personal risk filmed with hidden cameras within Tibet.
10955 Tom Ripley - cool urbane wealthy and murderous - lives in a villa in the Veneto with Luisa his harpsichord-playing girlfriend. A former business associate from Berlin's underworld pays a call asking Ripley's help in killing a rival. Ripley - ever a student of human nature - initiates a game to turn a mild and innocent local picture framer into a hit man. The artisan Jonathan Trevanny who's dying of cancer has a wife young son and little to leave them. If Ripley draws Jonathan into the game can Ripley maintain control? Does it stop at one killing? What if Ripley develops a conscience?
10958 Flight 93 is a 2006 made-for-TV film directed by Peter Markle which chronicles the events aboard United Airlines Flight 93 during the September 11 attacks. It premiered January 30 2006 on the A&amp;E Network and was re-broadcast several times throughout 2006. The film focused heavily on eight passengers namely Todd Beamer Mark Bingham Tom Burnett Jeremy Glick Lauren Grandcolas Donald Greene Nicole Miller and Honor Elizabeth Wainio. It features small appearances from many other passengers namely Donald Peterson and his wife Jean and also from flight attendant Sandra Bradshaw.
11093 Behrani an Iranian immigrant buys a California bungalow thinking he can fix it up sell it again and make enough money to send his son to college. However the house is the legal property of former drug addict Kathy. After losing the house in an unfair legal dispute with the county she is left with nowhere to go. Wanting her house back she hires a lawyer and befriends a police officer. Neither Kathy nor Behrani have broken the law so they find themselves involved in a difficult moral dilemma.
11096 David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie' but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination.
"11420 Since the late 18th century American legal decision that the business corporation organizational model is legally a person it has become a dominant economic political and social force around the globe. This film takes an in-depth psychological examination of the organization model through various case studies. What the study illustrates is that in the its behaviour this type of ""person"" typically acts like a dangerously destructive psychopath without conscience. Furthermore we see the profound threat this psychopath has for our world and our future but also how the people with courage intelligence and determination can do to stop it."
11452 Van Wilder has been attending college for far too many years and is scared to graduate but Van’s father eventually realizes what is going on. When he stops paying his son's tuition fees Van must come up with the money if he wants to stay in college so he and his friends come up with a great fund-raising idea – throwing parties. However when the college magazine finds out and reporter Gwen is sent to do a story on Van Wilder things get a little complicated.
11499 For three years after being forced from office Nixon remained silent. But in summer 1977 the steely cunning former commander-in-chief agreed to sit for one all-inclusive interview to confront the questions of his time in office and the Watergate scandal that ended his presidency. Nixon surprised everyone in selecting Frost as his televised confessor intending to easily outfox the breezy British showman and secure a place in the hearts and minds of Americans. Likewise Frost's team harboured doubts about their boss's ability to hold his own. But as the cameras rolled a charged battle of wits resulted.
11852 Not only is Jessica Spencer the most popular girl in school -- she is also the meanest. But things change for the attractive teen when a freak accident involving a cursed pair of earrings and a chance encounter at a gas station causes her to switch bodies with Clive a sleazy crook. Jessica in the form of the repulsive Clive struggles to adjust to this radical alteration and sets out to get her own body back before the upcoming prom.
11887 It's almost graduation day for high school seniors Troy Gabriella Sharpay Chad Ryan and Taylor — and the thought of heading off in separate directions after leaving East High has these Wildcats thinking they need to do something they'll remember forever. Together with the rest of the Wildcats they stage a spring musical reflecting their hopes and fears about the future and their unforgettable experiences growing up together. Will their final show break them apart or bring them together for the greatest moment in Wildcat history?
12113 The CIA’s hunt is on for the mastermind of a wave of terrorist attacks. Roger Ferris is the agency’s man on the ground moving from place to place scrambling to stay ahead of ever-shifting events. An eye in the sky – a satellite link – watches Ferris.  At the other end of that real-time link is the CIA’s Ed Hoffman strategizing events from thousands of miles away. And as Ferris nears the target he discovers trust can be just as dangerous as it is necessary for survival.
12222 The classic and beloved story from Dr. Seuss is now a CG animated film from 20th Century Fox Animation the makers of the Ice Age films. An imaginative elephant named Horton (Jim Carrey) hears a faint cry for help coming from a tiny speck of dust floating through the air. Horton suspects there may be life on that speck and despite a surrounding community which thinks he has lost his mind he is determined to save the tiny particle! Jim Carrey and Steve Carell lead an all-star cast in bringing this wonderful family picture to life!
"12228 In 1972 a seemingly typical shoestring budget pornographic film was made in a Florida hotel ""Deep Throat"" starring Linda Lovelace. This film would surpass the wildest expectation of everyone involved to become one of the most successful independent films of all time. It caught the public imagination which met the spirit of the times even as the self appointed guardians of public morality struggled to suppress it and created for a brief moment a possible future where sexuality in film had a bold artistic potential. This film covers the story of the making of this controversial film its stunning success its hysterical opposition along with its dark side of mob influence and allegations of the on set mistreatment of the film's star."
12400 Is there room for principle in Los Angeles? Mike Terry teaches jujitsu and barely makes ends meet. His Brazilian wife whose family promotes fights wants to see Mike in the ring making money but to him competition is degrading. A woman sideswipes Mike's car and then after an odd sequence of events shoots out the studio's window. Later that evening Mike rescues an action movie star in a fistfight at a bar. In return the actor befriends Mike gives him a gift offers him work on his newest film and introduces Mike's wife to his own - the women initiate business dealings. Then things go sour all at once Mike's debts mount and going into the ring may be his only option.
12403 For their honeymoon newlyweds Cliff and Cydney head to the tropical islands of Hawaii. While journeying through the paradisaical countryside the couple encounters Kale and Cleo two disgruntled hitchhikers and Nick and Gina two wild but well-meaning spirits who help guide them through the lush jungles. The picturesque waterfalls and scenic mountainsides quickly give way to terror when Cliff and Cydney learn of a grisly murder that occurred nearby and realize that they're being followed by chance acquaintances that suspiciously fit the description of the killers.
"12509 In August of 1949 Life Magazine ran a banner headline that begged the question: ""Jackson Pollock: Is he the greatest living painter in the United States?"" The film is a look back into the life of an extraordinary man a man who has fittingly been called ""an artist dedicated to concealment a celebrity who nobody knew."" As he struggled with self-doubt engaging in a lonely tug-of-war between needing to express himself and wanting to shut the world out Pollock began a downward spiral."
12818 Are all relationships based on lies? Jake Bianski runs a fish market in north Boston surrounded by Italians. For years he's carried a torch for Isabella an ex-girlfriend now married with three children and no interest in Jake. Yet he tells everyone she's his girlfriend including Marisa a veterinarian his employees set him up with at the Italian singles club. She's interested in him until he tells her about his girlfriend then he's persistent in asking her to be his friend. As the friendship bumps along Jake realizes that reality may be better than fantasy but what if Isabella changes her mind about Jake and what if it comes out that Marisa like Jake isn't Italian?
12839 It’s the ‘80s once again new wave angst and genderbending fashion are all the rage but new kid at school Chance Marquis is trying to find new ways to stand out. Being an odd and somewhat awkward teenager makes him the target of the school bully. To deal with this dilemma Chance turns to the opposite ends of the high school spectrum for help. On one side is the flamboyant drag queen and at the other the varsity jock Levi Sparks with whom Chance develops a unique friendship.
13253 When Leela is insulted by a group of space-rednecks (like regular rednecks but in space) she enters the Planet Express ship in a demolition derby.  She emerges victorious but when she brings the damaged ship home and the Professor sees the fuel gauge he's enraged by the hit he's going to take at the Dark Matter pump.  Now the crew have to find a way to break Mom's stranglehold on starship fuel even if they have to wade through a Lord of the Rings-inspired fantasy-land to do it!
13275 Jake Huard from a shipbuilders family promised his dying mother he'ld make it to Anapolis Naval Academy. Thanks to tenaciously bugging a Congressman he's selected despite dubious grades. Once inside Jake soon proves sub-standard academically. Constantly challenged to his limits repeatedly made the 'over-cocky' reason for the entire class to suffer Jake nearly quits but after facing his utterly un-supportive father's gloating returns just in time. Stubborn Jake finds support withs mates as well as Senor Ali his lover-to-be and a discipline he may excel in: the 'brigade' boxing tournament open to all ranks.
13338 Meet best friends Michael Albert Stanley and Sefa; the ladies' man the good boy the weird one and the party boy. They're staring down the barrel of their thirtieth birthdays but still act as if they're sixteen; they get drunk they chase the wrong women and they have a remarkable record of misbehaving and causing chaos at every wedding they attend. But now Michael's younger brother Sione is getting married and everything is about to change. Sione is their boy the kid they used to look after who grew up while they were still partying. And to ensure his big day isn't spoiled by his boys and their idiot antics Sione has issued an ultimatum; the guys all have to bring dates to the wedding. And not just any dates; real girlfriends someone they've made a commitment to. They have one month. So just how hard can it be to get a date for your best boy's wedding?
13348 Helvetica is a feature-length independent film about typography graphic design and global visual culture. It looks at the proliferation of one typeface (which will celebrate its 50th birthday in 2007) as part of a larger conversation about the way type affects our lives. The film is an exploration of urban spaces in major cities and the type that inhabits them and a fluid discussion with renowned designers about their work the creative process and the choices and aesthetics behind their use of type.
13352 The owner of a bank (Miss Bitterman) wants to own the Muppet Theatre so she can build a nightclub over it. After she tricks Pepe into giving her the only copy of the contract between her father and the Muppets she changes it so the Muppets have very little time to pay a debt they owe. Meanwhile the Muppets are trying to put on a Christmas show. After the Muppets are confronted by Bitterman they make a lot of sacrifices to save up so they can keep the Theatre.
13361 Lucy Honeychurch and her nervous chaperone embark on a grand tour of Italy. Alongside sweeping landscapes Lucy encounters a suspect group of characters — socialist Mr. Emerson and his working-class son George in particular — who both surprise and intrigue her. When piqued interest turns to potential romance Lucy is whisked home to England where her attention turns to Cecil Vyse. But now with a well-developed appetite for adventure will Lucy make the daring choice when it comes to love?
"13365 49 Up is the seventh film in a series of landmark documentaries that began 42 years ago when UK-based Granada's World in Action team inspired by the Jesuit maxim ""Give me the child until he is seven and I will give you the man"" interviewed a diverse group of seven-year-old children from all over England asking them about their lives and their dreams for the future. Michael Apted a researcher for the original film has returned to interview the ""children"" every seven years since at ages 14 21 28 35 42 and now again at age 49.In this latest chapter more life-changing decisions are revealed more shocking announcements made and more of the original group take part than ever before speaking out on a variety of subjects including love marriage career class and prejudice."
13416 A small turbulent town in Texas obsesses over their high school football team to an unhealthy degree. When the star tailback Boobie Miles is seriously injured during the first game of the season all hope is lost and the town's dormant social problems begin to flare up. It is left to the inspiring abilities of new coach Gary Gaines to instill in the other team members -- and by proxy the town itself -- a sense of self-respect and honor.
13499 Admiral Frank Beardsley returns to New London to run the Coast Guard Academy his last stop before a probable promotion to head the Guard. A widower with eight children he runs a loving but tight ship with charts and salutes. The kids long for a permanent home. Helen North is a free spirit a designer whose ten children live in loving chaos with occasional group hugs. Helen and Frank high school sweethearts reconnect at a reunion and it's love at first re-sighting. They marry on the spot. Then the problems start as two sets of kids the free spirits and the disciplined preppies must live together. The warring factions agree to work together to end the marriage.
13673 When their only daughter Blair leaves the family nest Luther and Nora Krank decide to book an island cruise to beat the yuletide blues and just skip the holidays. But their decision to boycott tradition has the whole neighborhood in an uproar and when Blair calls on Christmas Eve to announce a surprise visit with her new fiancée the Kranks have just twelve hours to perform a miracle and pull themselves and their neighbors together to throw the best celebration ever!
13825 After Ben Garvey foolishly turned back to crime he thought his life was over when he was sentenced to death by lethal injection. But his death sentence isn't quite what it seems as Ben regains consciousness near an eerie psychiatric ward where he's told he's been hired as the groundskeeper. With the state of his soul in question and the love for his wife and daughter all the more real and powerful Ben must figure out if he's truly cheated death or if he's become part of something far more sinister.
13950 Bucum Jackson (Cube) is a bounty hunter with a lot of attitude and no interest in taking on a partner. Working at Martinez Bail Bonds Jackson has unorthodox methods of tracking down low-life criminals but they work and one day he hopes to become his own boss and open up his own private investigation firm. Reggie Wright (Epps) is a slippery con artist who is avoiding the law and Jackson. During a cat and mouse chase the two stumble on a multi-million dollar diamond heist. Hiding from Jackson Wright finds himself in the thieves' getaway van and ends up having to escape from them after they discover their booty is fake much to the displeasure of their ruthless boss (Flanagan). When Wright meets up with his girlfriend (Mendes) he discovers that his recently purchased lottery ticket is the sole winner of $60 million. Unfortunately his wallet which held the ticket was left in the thieves' van so he persuades Jackson to help him get it back.
13957 During the 1940s a group of young men go off to war leaving behind Ethel Ann who is in love with one of them Teddy. In modern-day Belfast a man named Jimmy endeavors to return a ring found in the wreckage of a crashed plane. He travels to Michigan where the grown Ethel Ann who married another man after Teddy was killed in battle now lives. Ethel Ann must decide whether to go with Jimmy to meet the soldier who last saw Teddy alive.
13958 In this hilarious arcade showdown a humble novice goes head-to-head against the reigning Donkey Kong champ in a confrontation that rocks the gaming world to its processors! For over 20 years Billy Mitchell has owned the throne of the Donkey Kong world. No one could beat his top score until now. Newcomer Steve Wiebe claims to have beaten the unbeatable but Mitchell isn't ready to relinquish his crown without a fight. Go behind the barrels as the two battle it out in a vicious war to earn the title of the true King of Kong.
13975 Lt. Dave Robicheaux a detective in New Iberia Louisiana is trying to link the murder of a local hooker to New Orleans mobster Julie (Baby Feet) Balboni who is co-producer of a Civil War film. At the same time after Elrod Sykes the star of the film reports finding another corpse in the Atchafalaya Swamp near the movie set Robicheaux starts another investigation believing the corpse to be the remains of a black man who he saw being murdered 35 years before.
14208 After retrieving the Crystal Skull in Utah Flynn Carsen receives a map in the mail with the secret location of King Solomon's Mines. When the scroll is stolen Judson explains the power of the Key of Solomon's book and assigns Flynn to retrieve the map. The map is useless without the legend piece to decipher it which is located in Volubilis near the Roman ruins in Morocco. Flynn heads to Casablanca to the ruins where he is chased by a group of mercenaries leaded by General Samir. They too want to find the location of King Solomon's mines. Flynn teams-up with Professor Emily Davenport working in the dig and they escape from General Samir and his men. While traveling to Gedi they save the local Jomo from death and the trio faces a dangerous journey through the wild Africa.
14268 Friends since high school 20-somethings Kaleil Isaza Tuzman and Tom Herman have an idea: a Web site for people to conduct business with municipal governments. This documentary tracks the rise and fall of govWorks.com from May of 1999 to December of 2000 and the trials the business brings to the relationship of these best friends. Kaleil raises the money Tom's the technical chief. A third partner wants a buy out; girlfriends come and go; Tom's daughter needs attention. And always the need for cash and for improving the site. Venture capital comes in by the millions. Kaleil is on C-SPAN CNN and magazine covers. Will the business or the friendship crash first?
14277 What if...September 11th was not a surprise attack on America but rather a cold and calculated genocide by our own government?We were told that the twin towers were hit by commercial jetliners and subsequently brought down by jet fuel. We were told that the Pentagon was hit by a Boeing 757. We were told that flight 93 crashed in Shanksville Pennsylvania. We were told that nineteen Arabs from halfway across the globe acting under orders from Osama Bin Laden were responsible. What you will see here will prove without a shadow of a doubt that everything you know about 9/11 is a complete fabrication. Conspiracy theory? It's not a theory if you can prove it.Written and narrated by Dylan Avery this film presents a rebuttal to the official version of the September 11 2001 terrorist attacks and the 9/11 Commission Report.
14297 In this two-part Channel 4 series Professor Richard Dawkins challenges what he describes as 'a process of non-thinking called faith'. He describes his astonishment that at the start of the 21st century religious faith is gaining ground in the face of rational scientific truth. Science based on scepticism investigation and evidence must continuously test its own concepts and claims. Faith by definition defies evidence: it is untested and unshakeable and is therefore in direct contradiction with science.  In addition though religions preach morality peace and hope in fact says Dawkins they bring intolerance violence and destruction. The growth of extreme fundamentalism in so many religions across the world not only endangers humanity but he argues is in conflict with the trend over thousands of years of history for humanity to progress to become more enlightened and more tolerant.
14389 Based on a true story the tale of a cement truck driver named Danny whose long awaited vacation is cancelled thanks to his scheming girlfriend Trudy. Danny escapes his grim life in suburban Australia and blasts into the skies in a chair tied with helium balloons. A mighty thunderstorm blows him clean off the map and spits him out far away over the lush green town of Clarence. In this new town he rockets into the world of Glenda the town's only parking cop. While the media back home becomes obsessed with the story of his disappearance Danny gets to reinvent himself in this new town and in his great adventure he discovers a true soul mate in Glenda. Fate catches up with him eventually as Danny's true identity is revealed and Trudy--now a tabloid celebrity--comes to the idyllic town to claim Danny and drag him back to Sydney. Danny however is a changed man; he's discovered what it means to be happy and has found a new self-worth.
14428 In Jacksonville Florida four friends since grade school who are now in their early 30s face the challenges of adulthood: Hutto is about to become a father Laith is intimidated by his girlfriend's sexuality a grieving Bobby drinks heavily and sleeps on the grave of a girlfriend who's been dead 18 months and Mark an OB/GYN who loves his work can't practice medicine because he can't afford malpractice insurance. Things come to a head when Mark needs his three friends' help after a belligerent animal-abusing pornographer attacks Mark with a gun over something Laith did. A midnight road trip tests friendship: can the guys help each other?
"14442 Ella lives in a magical world in which each child at the moment of their birth is given a virtuous ""gift"" from a fairy godmother. Ella's so-called gift however is obedience. This birthright proves itself to be quite the curse once Ella finds herself in the hands of several unscrupulous characters whom she quite literally cannot disobey. Determined to gain control of her life and decisions Ella sets off on a journey to find her fairy godmother who she hopes will lift the curse. The path however isn't easy -- Ella must outwit a slew of unpleasant obstacles including ogres giants wicked stepsisters elves and Prince Charmont's evil uncle who wants to take over the crown and rule the kingdom."
"14492 ""A truly noble heart is sensitive"" says the wise old raven Sebastian who pokes prods and analyzes peas seeking the solution that would save the kingdom of Corazion from the revenge of Laird the king's brother. As Sebastian seeks to solve the mystery his friend Prince Rollo is searching for a truly sensitive heart in the pedigrees of pampered princesses until a chance encounter with a kind-hearted peasant girl causes Rollo to ponder where true beauty lies. Can Sebastian discover the answer in time to rescue the kingdom from the cruel schemes of Laird? Join in the quest to reveal the heart of true nobility."
"14631 ""The Work and The Glory: American Zion"" sets the story of the fictional Steed family against the historically factual backdrop of the Mormon people's move into the West. Divided by their diverse reactions to a nascent ideology the Steeds struggle to hold together as the strength of their convictions and their filial bonds are tested. The stirring narrative of the faith that led a persecuted people to Missouri and beyond is one of the most poignant untold tales of American history. It is the account of a valiant struggle to exercise the rights promised by a fledgling nation. ""The Work and the Glory: American Zion"" unearths the story of the passion behind the movement which eventually launched the largest American migration and the colonization of the West: the vision of a promised land in America."
14635 Jim Morris never made it out of the minor leagues before a shoulder injury ended his pitching career twelve years ago. Now a married-with-children high-school chemistry teacher and baseball coach in Texas Jim's team makes a deal with him: if they win the district championship Jim will try out with a major-league organization. The bet proves incentive enough for the team and they go from worst to first making it to state for the first time in the history of the school. Jim forced to live up to his end of the deal is nearly laughed off the try-out field--until he gets onto the mound where he confounds the scouts (and himself) by clocking successive 98 mph fastballs good enough for a minor-league contract with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. Jim's still got a lot of pitches to throw before he makes it to The Show but with his big-league dreams revived there's no telling where he could go.
14778 Jack Dodd was a London butcher who enjoyed a pint with his mates for over 50 years. When he died he died as he lived with a smile on his face watching a horse race on which he had bet with borrowed money. But before he died he had a final request 'Last Orders' that his ashes be scattered in the sea at Margate. The movie follows his mates Ray Lenny and Vic and his foster son Vince as they journey to the sea with the ashes. Along the way the threads of their lives their loves and their disappointments are woven together in their memories of Jack and his wife Amy
15015 Long long ago in a time of magic and dragons there lived a girl named Rapunzel who had the most beautiful radiant hair the world had ever seen. But Rapunzel's life was far from wonderful. She lived as a servant to Gothel a jealous scheming witch who kept her hidden deep in a forbidding forest guarded by the enormous dragon Hugo and surrounded by an enchanted glass wall. However in a twist of fate Rapunzel's discovery of a magic paintbrush leads her on a journey that will unravel a web of deception bring peace to two feuding kingdoms and ultimately lead her to love with the help of Penelope(TM) the least intimidating of dragons!
15088 A world class ice skater eager to take the top prize in the biggest competition around finds his dreams going up in flames after his partner suffers a debilitating injury in this romantic sports drama starring Matt Lanter Francia Rosa and Christy Carlson Romano. Zack (Lanter) was headed for the gold when his partner suffered an injury that made competing impossible but could a feisty female hockey player prove the key to keeping his illustrious career on track? Alexandra is an amateur Latina hockey player who has never skated professionally and doesn't much care for Zack though a little determination goes a long way in helping Zack convince her to join him on the ice. Now as this unlikely pair begins the arduous training process that could make them both bona-fide superstars the girl with the icy attitude finds her handsome partner's warmth and charm bringing about a most unexpected thaw.
15199 Sex Drugs and Aids... This controversial musical follows the lives of recovering addicts and people dying of aids in 80s new York in-between two Christmases after Collins is Involved in a race attack and left on the street to die he is saved by angel a trans woman and drag queen as their relationship builds the scary reality creeps in. In the lot Mark and Roger struggling artists can't afford to make RENT as relentless landlord and former friend Benny makes life hell for them all the while Marks ex girlfriend Maureen is protesting the eviction of the homeless on that same lot and her new girlfriend Joanne handles the law side of things. Finally Mimi is a 19 year old in love with Roger but she is addicted to cocaine and the former heroine addict wants nothing to do with her after his last girlfriend committed suicide.
15271 In the 1930s a social set known to the press – who follow their every move – as the “Bright Young Things” are Adam and his friends who are eccentric wild and entirely shocking to the older generation. Amidst the madness Adam who is well connected but totally broke is desperately trying to get enough money to marry the beautiful Nina. While his attempts to raise cash are constantly thwarted their friends seem to self-destruct one-by-one in an endless search for newer and faster sensations. Finally when world events out of their control come crashing around them they are forced to reassess their lives and what they value most.
15281 King Corn is a fun and crusading journey into the digestive tract of our fast food nation where one ultra-industrial pesticide-laden heavily-subsidized commodity dominates the food pyramid from top to bottom – corn. Fueled by curiosity and a dash of naiveté two college buddies return to their ancestral home of Greene Iowa to figure out how a modest kernel conquered America. With the help of some real farmers oodles of fertilizer and government aide and some genetically modified seeds the friends manage to grow one acre of corn. Along the way they unlock the hilarious absurdities and scary but hidden truths about America’s modern food system in this engrossing and eye-opening documentary.
15394 Dan Mahowny was a rising star at the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. At twenty-four he was assistant manager of a major branch in the heart of Toronto's financial district. To his colleagues he was a workaholic. To his customers he was astute decisive and helpful. To his friends he was a quiet but humorous man who enjoyed watching sports on television. To his girlfriend he was shy but engaging. None of them knew the other side of Dan Mahowny--the side that executed the largest single-handed bank fraud in Canadian history grossing over $10 million in eighteen months to feed his gambling obsession.
15450 Alice Pratt a hard working Christian woman raised her two daughters while managing a simple diner of her own. Her snobbish and arrogant daughter Andrea graduated in Economic Science and works in a construction corporation while her sister Pam stayed with Alice and worked in the diner. Andrea is married to construction worker Chris who works in the same corporation as his wife but dreams of starting up his own business. However she is being unfaithful to him - with their boss William Cartwright. William is the son of Alice's best friend the wealthy Charlotte Cartwright. While Alice travels with Charlotte on a road trip the ambition and infidelity of William triggers a series of events that will affect relationships in both families.
15654 Leslie is left with few options when her husband is sent back to war in the Middle East. A modest amount of help arrives in the form of his brother Salman who is less than prepared to care for the couple's two preadolescent boys. When Leslie still can't make ends meet on her own Salman is forced to find employment but with minimal qualifications his only option is to become a mascot for a digital company by donning a bulbous blue costume.
16046 In suburban Buenos Aires thirty unemployed ceramics workers walk into their idle factory roll out sleeping mats and refuse to leave. All they want is to re-start the silent machines. But this simple act - the take - has the power to turn the globalization debate on its head. Armed only with slingshots and an abiding faith in shop-floor democracy the workers face off against the bosses bankers and a whole system that sees their beloved factories as nothing more than scrap metal for sale.
"16183 Hustlers players and gangsters rule the urban streets of New York in this story about loyalty and betrayal. Billy Goode a street-smart crook (Tyrin Turner Menace II Society) and his partner Jackie Williams (John ""BJ"" Bryant Belly) are two small time gangsters with dream of seeing their names in the headlines. After a shooting and robbery that doesn't give them the attention they desire the partners hook up with the local criie boss Kenyatta (Clifton Powell Rush Hour) who has a major agenda to shake up the city. Meanwhile Detective Benson (Ezra Knight) and Detective Ryan (Keith Buterbaugh) are on the case. With a star-studded line up of rapper cameos with people like Ice-T Snoop Dogg Chino XL Cormega Charli Baltimore... And Ja Rule as a motorbike backseat hitman."
16186 Charles an attorney and Helen his devoted wife seem to have everything – money a beautiful mansion – the American Dream. However as Helen prepares to celebrate their 18th wedding anniversary her life takes an unexpected twist when she comes home to find her clothes packed up in a U-Haul van parked in the driveway. Charles is divorcing her and kicks her out. Helen moves in with her grandmother Madea an old woman who doesn't take any lip from anyone. Madea helps Helen through these tough times by showing her what is really important in life. Helen is forced to rediscover love life and religion in her pursuit for happiness.
16280 As five underworld heavies settle in for an all night stay at an abandoned warehouse and former film studio a series of bizarre and unsettling occurrences quickly lead them to believe they are not alone. It was supposed to be a simple night of babysitting a single hostage but when a series of numbers began to appear on the walls things soon took a dark turn. Later after the hostage escapes the perplexed thugs not only learn that there is a rat in the ranks but also discover the unsettling nature of the films that were shot in the warehouse. Now as terror takes hold the thieves are about to discover that they are being stalked from the shadows and that their odds of living to see daybreak are shrinking with each passing minute.Written by Jason Buchanan All Movie Guide
16509 CONFESSIONS OF A SUPERHERO is a feature length documentary chronicling the lives of three mortal men and one woman who make their living working as superhero characters on the sidewalks of Hollywood Boulevard. This deeply personal view into their daily routines reveals their hardships and triumphs as they pursue and achieve their own kind of fame. The Hulk sold his Super Nintendo for a bus ticket to LA; Wonder Woman was a mid-western homecoming queen; Batman struggles with his anger while Superman’s psyche is consumed by the Man of Steel. Although the Walk of Fame is right beneath their feet their own paths to stardom prove to be a long hard climbs.
16605 Australian teenager Heidi is left with little choice but to leave home after she's caught red-handed with her mother's boyfriend. With few options Heidi ends up in Jindabyne a tourist community. Upon meeting Joe at a bar she pursues a relationship with him and tries to find something resembling a normal home life. Heidi makes small strides by getting a job and finding a place to stay but her relationship with Joe must overcome more than its share of hurdles.
"16651 John H. Groberg a middle class kid from Idaho Falls crosses the Pacific to become a Mormon missionary in the remote and exotic Tongan island kingdom during the 1950's. He leaves behind a loving family and the true love of his life Jean. Through letters and musings across the miles John shares his humbling and sometimes hilarious adventures with ""the girl back home"" and her letters buoy up his spirits in difficult times. John must struggle to overcome language barriers physical hardship and deep-rooted suspicion to earn the trust and love of the Tongan people he has come to serve. Throughout his adventure-filled three years on the islands he discovers friends and wisdom in the most unlikely places. John H. Groberg's Tongan odyssey will change his life forever."
16653 When Jonathan Jordan gets divorced he's thrust back into the world of being a single Mormon - a world who's ultimate goal is eternal marriage. Struggling to fit in Jonathan decides to stop going to church only to be pursued by the members of the local singles ward who want to reactivate him. Nothing works until Jonathan falls for Cammie Giles the ward activities director. Suddenly going to church becomes much more appealing But is he going for the right reasons?
"16668 Two pairs of Mormon missionaries from America live in a beaten-up apartment in the Dutch city of Haarlem. Their personalities are distinctly different. Elder Johnson is the District Leader and oversees their efforts. His companion the vain Elder Van Pelt seeks to become the assistant to the mission president (the top post available) as soon as possible. The capable Elder Rogers has become disillusioned and inattentive to his duties ever since a previous missionary companion returned to America and married Elder Roger's girlfriend. The three meet Elder Roger's new companion Elder Calhoun in the train station. This new elder is a nerdy but enthusiastic ""greenie"" that has just arrived from the Missionary Training Center (MTC) in Utah. Unfortunately his training did not give him much fluency in the Dutch language. But as luck would have it the first person he approaches to proselytize is a fellow American named Kyle."
16710 A single mother living in inner city Chicago Brenda has been struggling for years to make ends meet and keep her three kids off the street. When she's laid off with no warning she starts losing hope for the first time - until a letter arrives announcing the death of a father she's never met. Desperate for any kind of help Brenda takes her family to Georgia for the funeral but nothing could have prepared her for the Browns her father's fun-loving crass Southern clan. In a small-town world full of long afternoons and country fairs Brenda struggles to get to know the family she never knew existed...and finds a brand new romance that just might change her life.
16765 Director John Dullaghan’s biographical documentary about infamous poet Charles Bukowski Bukowski: Born Into This is as much a touching portrait of the author as it is an exposé of his sordid lifestyle.  Interspersed between ample vintage footage of Bukowski’s poetry readings are interviews with the poet’s fans including such legendary figures such as Lawrence Ferlinghetti Joyce Fante (wife of John) Bono and Harry Dean Stanton.  Filmed in grainy black and white by Bukowski’s friend Taylor Hackford due to lack of funding the old films edited into this movie paint Bukowski’s life of boozing and brawling romantically securing Bukowski’s legendary status.
16919 In GLOBAL METAL directors Scot McFadyen and Sam Dunn set out to discover how the West's most maligned musical genre - heavy metal - has impacted the world's cultures beyond Europe and North America. The film follows metal fan and anthropologist Sam Dunn on a whirlwind journey through Asia South America and the Middle East as he explores the underbelly of the world's emerging extreme music scenes; from Indonesian death metal to Chinese black metal to Iranian thrash metal. GLOBAL METAL reveals a worldwide community of metalheads who aren't just absorbing metal from the West - they're transforming it - creating a new form of cultural expression in societies dominated by conflict corruption and mass-consumerism.
17379 The discovery that she has a terminal illness prompts introverted department store saleswoman Georgia Byrd to reflect on what she realizes has been an overly cautious life. With weeks to live she withdraws her life savings sells all her possessions and jets off to Europe where she lives it up at a posh hotel. Upbeat and passionate Georgia charms everybody she meets including renowned Chef Didier. The only one missing from her new life is her longtime crush Sean Matthews.
"17470 Set in the belly of Los Angeles' criminal underworld Arc is the story of Paris Pritchert a former police officer turned drug dealer and addict who embarks on a quest to find a missing child in the hope of redeeming his eroding character. The only catch is like all addicts Paris' confidence completely relies on the drugs in his system and -- in this case -- his firm belief that he can succeed in his mission if he can just stay high 24/7 and alive long enough to see it through. To aid in the endeavor Paris enlists the help of Maya Gibbs an African American prostitute versed not only in the language of the street but also in the words of Maya Angelou and Nadine Gordimer. And together the path of this dysfunctional duo crosses with those of the child's parents a doctor with a penchant for soliciting ""Street Boys"" a self-ascribed King Of Porn a drug supplier with a gift for making impeccable hors d'oeuvres and a hardened cop with more scams than the most adept street hustler."
17578 Intrepid young reporter Tintin and his loyal dog Snowy are thrust into a world of high adventure when they discover a ship carrying an explosive secret. As Tintin is drawn into a centuries-old mystery Ivan Ivanovitch Sakharine suspects him of stealing a priceless treasure. Tintin and Snowy with the help of salty cantankerous Captain Haddock and bumbling detectives Thompson and Thomson travel half the world one step ahead of their enemies as Tintin endeavors to find the Unicorn a sunken ship that may hold a vast fortune but also an ancient curse.
17654 Thirty years ago aliens arrive on Earth. Not to conquer or give aid but to find refuge from their dying planet. Separated from humans in a South African area called District 9 the aliens are managed by Multi-National United which is unconcerned with the aliens' welfare but will do anything to master their advanced technology. When a company field agent contracts a mysterious virus that begins to alter his DNA there is only one place he can hide: District 9.
"17672 John Fogerty performing solo on his ""Long Road Home"" Tour.  Recorded live in concert 2005 at Los Angeles' legendary Wiltern Theater this one of a kind concert DVD serves as the perfect companion piece to last year's CD The Long Road Home The Ultimate John Fogerty - Creedence Collection. Included are 26 electrifying versions of CCR and Fogerty solo hits. Martyn Atkins directs this high-definition video mixed in 5.1 dolby digital stereo and dolby digital 2.0 stereo. Also included is a bonus exclusive video.  Former Creedence Clearwater Revival singer John Fogerty has managed to forge a profitable solo career for himself since the dissolution of the group that made his name. Here Fogerty performs a mixture of solo and Creedence-era work including version of hits such as ""Bad Moon Rising"" and ""Fortunate Son."" The show was captured on camera at Los Angeles' Wiltern Theater."
18064 Using never-before-seen footage Japan's War In Colour tells a previously untold story. It recounts the history of the Second World War from a Japanese perspective combining original colour film with letters and diaries written by Japanese people. It tells the story of a nation at war from the diverse perspectives of those who lived through it: the leaders and the ordinary people the oppressors and the victims the guilty and the innocent.  Until recently it was believed that no colour film of Japan existed prior to 1945. But specialist research has now unearthed a remarkable colour record from as early as the 1930s.  For eight years the Japanese fought what they believed was a Holy War that became a fight to the death. Japan's War In Colour shows how militarism took hold of the Japanese people; describes why Japan felt compelled to attack the West; explains what drove the Japanese to resist the Allies for so long; and finally reveals how they dealt with the shame of defeat.
18089 An outwardly confident but unmarried woman on the verge of her fortieth birthday reflects on her past suitors and the choices she once made while attempting to help her marriage minded niece choose between a number of potential suitors in this tale inspired by the life and letters of Jane Austen. Jane Austen is about to turn forty but she still hasn't found her ideal man. When Jane is approached by her niece Fanny and asked to help select the perfect husband for the young girl the aging spinster begins to wonder why it is that she never found a man to share her own life with. Perhaps if Jane had accepted the proposal of a wealthy landowner she could have saved her family from financial ruin and what of the handsome young physician who once warmed to Jane after tending to her ailing family members?
18538 Young lovers in London are wrapped up in a love triangle that may not be exactly what it seems. Carmen a beautiful Spanish woman with a tendency to lose her temper at the drop of a hat is about to be married to Barnaby a caring wealthy but slightly boring Englishman. While out with friends on her 'hen night' she encounters a stranger who suddenly sparks a passion that has been sleeping within her. As her wedding date approaches she finds herself struggling to put this newcomer out of her mind but his effect on her keeps growing stronger. What is it that he sees in her and why does she feel like she's being pushed inevitably into his arms?
18595 Due to a learning disability Josie's life in a tiny town revolves around a menial job taking care of a garage that could close at any day. Things start to change however when David the son of his boss' girlfriend comes to work with him. Josie hangs out with David and his teenage friends bringing them beer and despite being a grown man himself finds that the new company lifts his spirits. But his simple-mindedness blinds him to some potential legal dangers.
18701 Julia Lambert is a true diva: beautiful talented weathly and famous.  She has it all - including a devoted husband who has mastermined her brilliant career - but after years of shining in the spotlight she begins to suffer from a severe case of boredom and longs for something new and exciting to put the twinkle back in her eye.  Julia finds exactly what she's looking for in a handsome young American fan but it isn't long before the novelty fling adds a few more sparks than she was hoping for.  Fortuately for her this surprise twist in the plot will thrust her back into the greatest role of her life.
18714 A small film with a big heart SECOND HAND WEDDING is a bittersweet dramatic comedy set in the present in a time when trademe and e-bay threaten the primeval urge for a firsthand crack at the second-hand. Jill keeps the dream alive until she is forced to confront the habits of a lifetime and concede that no bargain is worth her daughter's happiness. Father of the bride Brian quips that Cheryl's upcoming wedding will be the first time anyone in the Rose family has given something away - and that's the crux of it.
18778 Life as a Mormon missionary isn't what 19-year-old Brandon Allen expected: so many rules and so few successes. Los Angeles is as unrepentant as Sodom and Gomorrah. He's forced to share a small apartment with five young prank-loving missionaries and to top it off his first companion 29-year-old Marcus Dalton proves to be a harsh mentor. After only one day as a missionary Allen is ready to hang up his necktie and go home. Allen becomes a part of the drama occurring under the everyday surface of missionary life. After only a few intense days Allen finds faith he didn't know he had and courage he didn't know he lacked. He learns that the time has come to put away childish things and to become more than just a man--to become a man of God.
18889 A chronicle which provides a rare window into the international perception of the Iraq War courtesy of Al Jazeera the Arab world's most popular news outlet. Roundly criticized by Cabinet members and Pentagon officials for reporting with a pro-Iraqi bias and strongly condemned for frequently airing civilian causalities as well as footage of American POWs the station has revealed (and continues to show the world) everything about the Iraq War that the Bush administration did not want it to see.
"18893 As the front man of the Clash from 1977 onwards Joe Strummer changed people's lives forever. Four years after his death his influence reaches out around the world more strongly now than ever before. In ""The Future Is Unwritten"" from British film director Julien Temple Joe Strummer is revealed not just as a legend or musician but as a true communicator of our times. Drawing on both a shared punk history and the close personal friendship which developed over the last years of Joe's life Julien Temple's film is a celebration of Joe Strummer - before during and after the Clash."
"18947 The Boat That Rocked is an ensemble comedy where the romance is between the young people of the 60s and pop music. It's about a band of DJs that captivate Britain playing the music that defines a generation and standing up to a government that  wanted control of popular culture via the British Broadcasting Corporation. Loosely based on the events in Britain in the 60's when the Labour government of Harold Wilson wanted to bring the pirate radio stations under control enough to see the passage of the Marine Broadcasting Offences Act on 15 August 1967. Also known as ""Pirate Radio""."
19255 Verona and Burt have moved to Colorado to be close to Burt's parents but with Veronica expecting their first child Burt's parents decide to move to Belgium now leaving them in a place they hate and without a support structure in place. They set off on a whirlwind tour of of disparate locations where they have friends or relatives sampling not only different cities and climates but also different families. Along the way they realize that the journey is less about discovering where they want to live and more about figuring out what type of parents they want to be.
19405 It's the most exciting time of year at Third Street Elementary-- the end of the School Year! But boredom quickly sets in for protagonist TJ Detweiler as his friends are headed for Summer Camp. One day while passing by the school on his bike he notices a green glow coming from the school's auditorium. This is the work of the insidious ex-principal of Third Street Phillium Benedict and his gang of ninjas and secret service look-alikes! Benedict is planning to get rid of Summer Vacation using his newly-acquired Tractor Beam which he stole from the US Military Base in an effort to raise US Test Scores and it's up to the Recess Gang to stop him!
19537 1. Elevation 2. Beautiful Day 3. Until The End Of The World 4. New Year's Day 5. Out Of Control 6. Sunday Blood Sunday 7. Wake Up Dead Man 8. Stuck In A Moment You Can't Get Out Of 9. Kite 10. Angel Of  Harlem 11. Desire 12. Staring At The Sun 13. All I Want Is You 14. Where The Streets Have No Name 15. Pride (In The Name Of Love) 16. Bullet The Blue Sky 6:57 17. With Or Without You 18. One 19. Walk On  On September 1 2001 Irish rock band U2 made a triumphant return to their roots with two outdoor shows at Slane Castle Ireland. U2 chose the castle venue because it marked two watershed moments for the band: their recording session for the landmark album THE UNFORGETTABLE FIRE in 1984 and their first Slane appearance opening up for fellow Irish rock band Thin Lizzy in 1981. U2 GO HOME captures the emotional intensity of the homecoming with 19 live tracks culled from the concerts.
19614 An intimate look at hip-hop artist Shawn Carter Jay-Z revealing the multiple Grammy Award winning artist as never before from his background and rise to fame to the recording of his last album. The film chronicles the legendary concert of Jay-Z's performance at Madison Square Garden in November 2003. In an unprecedented event a hip-hop artist sold out an arena in only two hours. Nearly one year later fans and artists alike still reflect on this monumental musical night. The event was a spectacular culmination of Jay-Z's recording career prior to his self-proclaimed retirement from solo performing. Yet this one night also defined a musical generation showcasing the evolution and reach of the world's most popular music genre. Guest performers included Jay-Z's closest friends and music industry colleagues: Beyoncé Mary J. Blige Missy Elliott R. Kelly Foxy Brown Pharrell and Questlove and The Illadelphonics along with appearances by hip hop icons Damon Dash.
20021 A motiveless malignancy? Elvis leaves the Navy and heads for Texas where he contacts his father whom he's never met the pastor at a Christian community church. Pastor Dave tells Elvis to stay away and without telling his family that Elvis is his son from a pre-conversion liaison tells them to have nothing to do with him. But Elvis has already connected with Malerie the pastor's 16-year old daughter. Elvis embarks on the seduction of Malerie while Dave examines his conscience and comes to a new conclusion. Can anyone get right with the Lord? Does the Lord hear?
"20480 Filmed in High Definition in Amsterdam on Toto's 25th Anniversary Tour in 2003 this stunning concert captures the band at their very best reunited with original vocalist Bobby Kimball. The set combines all their hits with tracks from their latest album ""Through the Looking Glass"" and other live favorites performed in front of a wildly enthusastic sell-out crowd. Extras include 35 minute behind-the-scenes film following the band through various stages of their world tour including footage from Japan Thailand South Korea and France.  Toto celebrate their 25th anniversary with this blistering live concert filmed in Amsterdam on February 25th 2003. Proving they've still got exactly what it takes to move a crowd the band perform a mixture of medley's solo spots and huge hits. Tracks include ""Rosanna"" ""Africa"" ""Hold The Line"" a cover of the Beatles' ""While My Guitar Gently Weeps"" and many more."
20580 Recorded live at the Paris Olympia on December 1 2001 Krall's classic style blends equal parts artistic vision hard work and determination. The British Columbia native began playing piano at the age of four and now has five stunning albums behind her. She made her debut with the critically acclaimed Only Trust Your Heart and the album topped the Billboard jazz charts for the most of 1998 earning Krall a Grammy nomination. She went on to win a Best Jazz Vocal Performance Grammy for 1999's platinum-selling When I Look in Your Eyes and became the first jazz artist in 25 years to be nominated in the Album of the Year category.
20861 Tully Jr. and Earl live on their father's Nebraska ranch proud and independent to a fault. While the shy reclusive Earl spends his free time watching movies the cockier Tully works his way through a succession of short-term affairs and an off-again on-again relationship with April a stripper in town. When their childhood friend Ella returns to town to start a veterinary practice however Tully falls for her — although the townsfolk have their doubts that he could ever commit to one woman.
21056 Henry Hart is a young gay artist living in New York City. When his grandfather has a stroke Henry puts his career on hold and returns home to the small town of Big Eden Montana to care for him. While there Henry hopes to strike up a romance with Dean Stewart his high-school best friend for whom he still has feelings. But he's surprised when he finds that Pike a quiet Native American who owns the local general store may have a crush on him.
21179 A young single mother of four living in a small Texas town. Arrested during a drug raid and accused of a crime she didn't commit Dee goes against the wishes of her mother Alma and rejects the plea-bargain that would free her from jail but brand her as a felon for life. As word begins to spread that similar incidents are occurring in poor communities all across the country Dee realizes that there are more mothers out there like her and decides to take a stand against powerful district attorney Calvin Beckett. Now despite being well aware of District Attorney Beckett's fierce reputation Dee enlists the aid of ACLU attorney David Cohen and former narcotics officer Sam Conroy in overcoming the seemingly insurmountable obstacles that if not navigated with the greatest of caution now threaten to destroy her life. With the custody of her children on the line one brave mother wages a valiant battle to strike at the very heart of the corrupt Texas justice system.
21378 When sophisticated New York journalist Edith Iglauer is assigned to go to British Columbia to write a frivolous piece on the fishing industry she butts heads with local fisherman and notorious loner John Daly. While she thrives on the fast-paced life of Manhattan he loathes pretension and could go days without speaking to anyone. But when the two are caught in a perilous situation they are forced to put aside their pettiness and re-examine their lives. With external factors stripped away they begin to fall in love. Ultimately Edith must decide between staying in the glamorous world she has always cherished or leaving it all behind for a chance at love.
21443 Shipwrecked In Oslo is the first DVD release by Arcturus. It was released in August 21 2006 by Season Of Mist. The DVD includes a set of 15 songs all from their performance filmed at Rockefeller Music Hall during the Sonic Solstice Festival in Oslo on September 24 2005. Extra material such as photo slideshow and some rehearsal footage is also included. Track list:  1. Introduction 2. Ad Absurdum 3. Nightmare Heaven 4. Shipwrecked Frontier Pioneer 5. Alone 6. Deception Genesis 7. Chaos Path 8. Tore Guitar Solo 9. Deamon Painter 10. Nocturnal Vision Revisited 11. Painting My Horror 12. Steinar Keyboard Solo 13. Hufsa 14. Master of Disguise 15. Knut Guitar Solo 16. White Noise Monster 17. Reflections 18. Raudt Og Svart
21578 Political comedy about the Government (domestic and foreign policies) the president the public's own ignorance and faults and so forth. He also makes some hilarious detours in his own renditions of rap lyrics read out in proper coherent (non-Ebonic) language. There are also some very poignant pieces on Bush religion drugs (notably marijuana) which then link to homeland security. Unlike a comedian like George Carlin who may go from topics in the 'big world' in his act to things in the 'little world' like spotting the random things in life Maher is very much a comedian of the times on the attack but clear about his political allegiances.
"22134 Clapton live from Los Angeles' Staples Center on August 18 2002 part of the sold-out worldwide tour that followed Clapton's 2001 album ""Reptile."" This concert DVD features live material spanning his entire career. Recorded in concert at The Staples Center in Los Angeles August 18 2001 this performance spans Clapton's entire career and even throws in a cover of ""Somewhere Over the Rainbow"" for good measure. Based around the album REPTILE which had just been released at the time this footage also includes the songs ""Layla"" ""Tears in Heaven"" ""Sunshine of Your Love"" and many more."
"22319 ""Trouble the Water"" takes you inside Hurricane Katrina in a way never before seen on screen. The film opens the day before the storm makes landfall--just blocks away from the French Quarter but far from the New Orleans that most tourists knew. Kimberly Rivers Roberts an aspiring rap artist is turning her new video camera on herself and her Ninth Ward neighbors trapped in the city. Weaving an insider's view of Katrina with a mix of verité and in-your-face filmmaking it is a redemptive tale of self-described street hustlers who become heroes--two unforgettable people who survive the storm and then seize a chance for a new beginning."
"22452 Set both in Latin America and the United States the film explores the historic and current relationship of Washington with countries such as Venezuela Bolivia and Chile. Pilger says that the film ""...tells a universal story... analysing and revealing through vivid testimony the story of great power behind its venerable myths. It allows us to understand the true nature of the so-called ""war on terror"". According to Pilger the film’s message is that the greed and power of empire is not invincible and that people power is always the ""seed beneath the snow""."
22476 Our hero Cooper awakes to find himself nauseous weak and covered in webbing hanging from the ceiling of an office where just minutes ago he started his new job. As he struggles out of his slimy prison he comes face to face with his opponent - a grotesque powerful and very angry bug. All 3 ft of it. And so begins a hideous nail-biting comedic all-action adventure to find a safe haven while constantly outwitting an infestation of monstrous proportions. As Cooper embarks on his journey he befriends a ragtag group of survivors including the feisty determined Sara. Will they make it to safety before they are picked off one by one? And what other surprises are in store for our group of unlikely heroes?
22488 The continued Westward journey of settlers Missie and Willie Lahaye. Their roots now firmly planted as they set up homestead in the far West Missie begins to realize her passion for teaching as Willie cares for the couple's young daughter Kathy while expanding the family ranch with a little help from sons Jeff and Matthew. When the frontier railroad comes to town the pleasure of a long-promised visit from Missie's father Clark is suddenly offset by the tragic death of young Kathy. As the untimely demise of their beloved daughter begins to drive an emotional wedge between Missie and Willie the devastated father unexpectedly accepts an offer made by the powerful Samuel Doros to assume the role of town sheriff. Their faith shaken and their once close-knit bond suddenly torn asunder Missie and Willie desperately attempt to bring their crumbling family back together as son Jeff faces a series of dangers while hopelessly falling for Doros' beautiful daughter Colette.
22774 Film which travels inside the singular world of one of Italy's most famous fashion designers Valentino Garavani documenting the colourful and dramatic closing act of his celebrated career and capturing the end of an era in global fashion.  However at the heart of the film is a love story - the unique relationship between Valentino and his business partner and companion of 50 years Giancarlo Giammetti. Capturing intimate moments in the lives of two of Italy's richest and most famous men the film lifts the curtain on the final act of a nearly 50-year reign at the top of the glamorous and fiercely competitive world of fashion. (Storyville)
"22907 A seasoned team of bank robbers including Gordon Jennings John Rahway A.J. and brothers Jake and Jesse Attica successfully complete their latest heist and lead a life of luxury while planning their next job. When Ghost a former member of their team is released from prison he convinces the group to strike an armored car carrying $20 million. As the ""Takers"" carefully plot out their strategy and draw nearer to exacting the grand heist a reckless police officer inches closer to apprehending the criminals."
23451 In a country where bella figura is a national pastime Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is the maestro of media manipulation. Having risen to political primacy with the aid of his Mediaset empire he now controls 90% of the bel paese’s television channels including the state-run RAI network. Quantity it seems does not equal quality. Fed on a diet of semi-naked dancing girls inane competitions and rickety reality shows built around the most ridiculous of premises is it any wonder that Italians are becoming a nation of fame-hungry wannabes?
23495 Straight from the front lines in Iraq THE WAR TAPES is the first war movie filmed by soldiers themselves. These soldiers bypassed Pentagon supervised media to share their experience like never before. Funnier spicier and more gut wrenching than news reports this is Operation Iraqi Freedom as filmed by Sergeant Steve Pink Sergeant Zack Bazzi and Specialist Mike Moriarty. Steve is a wisecracking carpenter who aspires to be a writer. Zack is a Lebanese-American university student who loves to travel and is fluent in Arabic. Mike is a father who seeks honor and redemption. Each leaves a woman behind - a girlfriend a mother and a wife. Through their candid footage these men open their hearts and take us on an unforgettable journey capturing camaraderie and humor along with the brutal and terrifying experiences they face. These soldiers got the story that 2700 embedded reporters never could.
23618 The Original Kings of Comedy achieves the seemingly impossible task of capturing the rollicking and sly comedy routines of stand-up and sitcom vets Steve Harvey D.L. Hughley Cedric the Entertainer and Bernie Mac and the magic of experiencing a live concert show. Director Spike Lee and his crew plant a multitude of cameras in a packed stadium and onstage (as well as backstage as they follow the comedians) to catch the vivid immediacy of the show which is as much about the audience as it is about the jokes.
23703 Ben's dad Sam shows up one night with a note from Ben's mother (Sam's wife of 46 years) that she has left. While Ben's wife and his three sisters try to find her Ben takes Sam on a day trip to see a farmhouse that's for sale. The day trip turns into a road trip while dad and son explore their past their relationship and why Sam's wife might have left him. The road trip includes fishing drinking playing pool sleeping under the stars and frank discussion. Anger simmers close at hand as do love and hope. Where Sam's wife is - and why she left - leads to the movie's resolution.
23751 Local journalist Cameron Colley writes articles that are idealistic from the viewpoint of the underdog. A twisted serial killer seems to have some motives. His brutal murders are also committed on behalf of the underdog. The stories begin to merge and Cameron find himself inextricably and inextricably implicated by the brutal killer. The arms dealer that Cameron plans to expose is found literally 'disarmed' before he can put pen to paper. The brewery chief loathed by Cameron who sold up at the expense of his workers finds himself permanently unemployable. The police are convened of Cameron's guilt and so are half his friends and colleagues. Cameron is forced to employ all his investigative skills to find the real killer and his motive.
"23989 David Glover is a young American man who is working as a courier at his uncle's company ""Berling Express"". David is attracted to a female co-worker by the name of Jenny who also happens to have feelings for him. During one of his courier jobs the attractive Lara who claims to be a policewoman jumps into his car and David finds himself in an exchange of fire. David is willing to help Lara but soon finds himself framed as the professional assassin LORCA. Now David must run from the police and catch the real LORCA who is hell-bent on murdering the last surviving witness to a brutal murder."
24021 Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger as Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge. In the midst of it all she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the ageless struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation quickly approaching Bella is confronted with the most important decision of her life.
24055 Josh's life is pretty much in the toilet. He's a failed NYC indie rocker and a failing booking agent. But he finds the potential of a small victory in a really bad idea. He decides to purchase a 1985 Lazy Boy on eBay just like the one his dad had when Josh was a kid. He'll drive cross-country for the chair staying with Emily at his brother's house on the way and deliver it to his father as a surprise birthday gift. But when Rhett ends up coming along for the ride it's three people and a giant purple puffy chair in a too-small van... and one of them has to go before the trip's end.
24058 Tweek City is a week in the life of Bill a potentially closeted half-Latino small-time speed dealer in San Francisco's Mission District. Bill is stuck on an endless walk from one empty experience to the next. Only Bill's friend Jerm has the ability to connect and ground him in reality. When Jerm makes an ill-advised stage dive Bill plunges into a downward spiral that takes him on a nocturnal journey through the streets of San Francisco and ultimately down to Los Angeles where he crashes his high school sweetheart's wedding. From his sleep-deprived hallucinogenic state Bill fails miserably in a desperate attempt to reconnect with his first and only love. With nowhere else to go Bill jacks a car and ends up at the deserted drive-in theater of his childhood where he is forced to confront the ghosts that he had tried to leave behind.
"24502 Peter Gabriel: Growing Up Live presents the complete 2003 Milan concert from Peter Gabriel's tour based around the album Up featuring 17 tracks across 134 minutes. Literally central to a memorable show is a revolving stage that sees Gabriel going for a cycle ride in an exuberant ""Solsbury Hill"" performing ""Growing Up"" inside a Zorb ball and delivering a gravity-defying sky walk in ""Downside Up"" with daughter Melanie. Accompanied by regular sidemen David Rhodes (guitar) and Tony Levin (bass) Gabriel is joined by the legendary Blind Boys of Alabama for the spine-tingling ""Sky Blue"" throughout mixing recent tracks like the abrasive ""Darkness"" and ""The Barry Williams Show"" with established crowd pleasers such as ""Red Rain"" ""In Your Eyes"" and ""Sledgehammer."
24586 Bound together by the voice of Lamont a young black man pushed by the constant surveillance of his everyday life to discover the real power is off-screen. Lamont uncovers a living and breathing New York City with his new found power. At the same time actress Iris refusal to die in an audition spurs her to get out of the pretentious grind of being in. She becomes the focus of Lamonts camera as he follows Iris into her psychological descent while her roommate Mira is desperate for fame no matter the price.
"24972 Released to coincide with the 30th anniversary of this classic album learn how Pink Floyd assembled ""Dark Side of the Moon"" with the aid of original engineer Alan Parsons. All four band members--Roger Waters David Gilmour Nick Mason and Richard Wright--are interviewed at length giving valuable insights into the recording process. The themes of the album are discussed at length and the band take you back to the original multi track tapes to illustrate how they pieced together the songs. With individual performances of certain tracks from Roger David and Richard included this is an essential purchase for any Pink Floyd fans and a fascinating artefact for rock historians everywhere."
25069 Josie Alibrandi has a lot to deal with right now. She’s 17 got the dreaded H.S.C. in front of her and the boy of her dreams seems completely out of reach. Then there’s that other problem. She’s a wog. Sure it’s where Josie comes from but it’s not where she feels she belongs. In fact Josie doesn’t know where she belongs. With her Nonna in one ear talking about the old country and the stuck-up girls at her school telling her she’s an outsider it’s no wonder. This year however everything is going to change. Josie will let loose face her fears uncover secrets - even discover the true identity of her father. It’s going to be a year when Josie finally finds out where she belongs.
25195 When yet another anniversary passes without a marriage proposal from her boyfriend Anna decides to take action. Aware of a Celtic tradition that allows women to pop the question on Feb. 29 she plans to follow her lover to Dublin and ask him to marry her. Fate has other plans however and Anna winds up on the other side of the Emerald Isle with handsome but surly Declan -- an Irishman who may just lead Anna down the road to true love.
25248 This Canadian made comedy/drama set in Hamilton Ontario in 1954 is a sweet and - at times - goofy story that becomes increasingly poignant as the minutes tick by.  It's the fictional tale of a wayward 9th grader Ralph (Adam Butcher) who is secretly living on his own while his widowed hospitalized mother remains immersed in a coma. Frequently in trouble with Father Fitzpatrick (Gordon Pinsent) the principal of his all-boys Catholic school Ralph is considered something of a joke among peers until he decides to pull off a miracle that could save his mother i.e. winning the Boston Marathon.  Coached by a younger priest and former runner Father Hibbert (Campbell Scott) whose cynicism has been lifted by the boy's pure hope Ralph applies himself to his unlikely mission fending off naysayers and getting help along a very challenging path from sundry allies and friends.
"25303 End of an Era is a BluRay DVD and double CD from the Finnish symphonic metal Nightwish. Recorded at the Hartwall Areena in Helsinki Finland on October 21st. 2005 the final concert of a long worldwide tour for their album Once. During the concert the band was joined on-stage by John Two-Hawks who performed ""Stone People"" from his album Honor as an introduction to ""Creek Mary's Blood"" which featured his voice and cedar flutes. End of an Era is the final Nightwish production to feature Tarja Turunen. She and the rest of the band parted mere hours after this concert. Set-List: 1. Dark Chest of Wonders / 2. Planet Hell / 3. Ever Dream / 4. The Kinslayer / 5. The Phantom of the Opera / 6. The Siren / 7. Sleeping Sun / 8. High Hopes / 9. Bless the Child / 10. Wishmaster / 11. Slaying the Dreamer / 12. Kuolema tekee taiteilijan /13. Nemo / 14. Ghost Love Score / 15. Stone People / 16. Creek Mary's Blood / 17. Over the Hills and Far Away / 18. Wish I Had an Angel."
"25630 An intimate and moving meditation on the late musician and artist Kurt Cobain based on more than 25 hours of previously unheard audiotaped interviews conducted with Cobain by noted music journalist Michael Azerrad for his book ""Come As You Are: The Story of Nirvana."" In the film Kurt Cobain recounts his own life - from his childhood and adolescence to his days of musical discovery and later dealings with explosive fame - and offers often piercing insights into his life music and times. The conversations heard in the film have never before been made public and they reveal a highly personal portrait of an artist much discussed but not particularly well understood. Written by AJ Schnack"
"25986 In 2002 a 60-year old McCartney refocused the attention on his musicianship staging a massive live concert in Cleveland Ohio. The superstar who went on to form the popular rock group Wings and had several hit records as a solo artist performs a track list that covers all three phases of his long and prolific career including the hits ""Eleanor Rigby"" ""Live And Let Die"" ""Blackbird"" ""The Long And Winding Road"" and ""Mother Nature's Son."" In addition to the 30 tunes that McCartney enthusiastically performs seemingly immune to the ravages of time and aging BACK IN THE U.S.A LIVE also includes candid behind-the-scenes footage of the rocker backstage and on the road."
"26244 BITTERSWEET MOTEL takes a look at the iconoclastic musicians of Phish one of rock and roll's most successful touring bands a group Rolling Stone Magazine has called ""the most important band of the '90s."" This 84-minute documentary tracks the band over the course of a year — on and off stages across the United States and Europe and at home in Vermont. The film wraps with an extensive section devoted to one of Phish's grand festivals ""The Great Went"" where 70000 fans descend on the tiny village of Limestone Maine for a spectacular multi-day musical event. Director Todd Phillips best known for his groundbreaking films Hated (The GG Allin Story) and Sundance Award-winner Frat House as well as the blockbuster comedy Road Trip reveals the fascinating phenomenon of the band — its music loyal fans and spectacular live shows. Phillips presents a compelling film that every music fan will find fascinating."
26250 Smart. Outspoken. Opinionated. Three-time Emmy Award winner Wanda Sykes is back! Reigning over everything from television sitcoms to feature films this comedienne extraordinaire has returned in her second solo HBO comedy special I’MA BE ME. Live from Washington D.C. and edgier than ever Wanda holds nothing back as she riffs on the perks of having a Black president coming out getting married motherhood aging and twenty-first century pirates. With her trademark wit Wanda shocks and astonishes at every turn in this feature-length special.
26320 The story of Elliot Tiber and his family who inadvertently played a pivotal role in making the famed Woodstock Music and Arts Festival into the happening that it was. When Elliot hears that a neighboring town has pulled the permit on a hippie music festival he calls the producers thinking he could drum up some much-needed business for his parents' run-down motel. Three weeks later half a million people are on their way to his neighbor’s farm in White Lake New York and Elliot finds himself swept up in a generation-defining experience that would change his life–and American culture–forever.
26389 James Reese has a good job as an ambassador's aid in France but his real passion is a side gig—working in a minor role in the CIA. He would love to be a full-fledged agent and can't believe his luck when he lands an assignment with Charlie Wax. Trigger-happy Charlie soon has James crying for his desk job but when he learns that the same guys they're trying to catch are after him James realises that Charlie may be his only hope of survival.
"26627 Bullet in a Bible documents one of the two biggest shows that Green Day have performed in their career. They played in front of a crowd of over 130000 people at the Milton Keynes National Bowl in United Kingdom on June 18–19 2005. The band was supported by Jimmy Eat World Taking Back Sunday and Hard-Fi during their American Idiot world tour. Fourteen of the twenty songs performed at these shows were included on the disc; missing out ""Jaded"" ""Knowledge"" ""She"" ""Maria"" ""Homecoming"" and ""We Are The Champions"". Bullet in a Bible was released as a double-LP set on November 10 2009 as part of the band's 2009 vinyl re-release campaign."
27018 Friends Gary Black (Nathan Phillips) and Dumby Red (Luke Carroll) are on the same football team in their coastal Australian town. But to local racists they're a world apart: Gary is white and Dumby is an Aborigine. This becomes an issue when one of the team's Aboriginal players becomes involved in a crime. In response Dumby is demoted even though he's the star player and Gary is given his place. Will Gary have the courage to speak out before tragedy results?
"27184 One of the biggest musical legends in pop music today Elton John performs one of his most memorable concerts ever at the world famous Madison Square Garden in New York City. This stunningly visual concert special was filmed over two nights in October 2000 and Elton and his band play some of his greatest hits from over four decades including ""Your Song"" ""Crocodile Rock"" ""Candle In The Wind"" and ""Rocket Man"". Elton also invites some special guests to share the microphone on stage with him among them Billy Joel Bryan Adams Kiki Dee Mary J. Blige and Anastacia. You've never seen Elton like this before... a ""must see"" and a ""must have"" for any true Elton fan."
27198 Live concert in GelreDome Arnhem Holland  Tracklist  1 Steamy Windows  2 Typical Male  3 River Deep Mountain High  4 What You Get Is What You See  5 Better Be Good to Me  6 Acid Queen  7 What's Love Got To Do With It?  8 Private Dancer  9 We Don't Need Another Hero  10 Help!  11 Let's Stay Together  12 Undercover Agent for the Blues  13 I Can't Stand the Rain  14 Jumpin' Jack Flash / It's Only Rock 'n' Roll (But I Like It)  15 GoldenEye  16 Addicted to Love  17 The Best  18 Proud Mary  19 Nutbush City Limits  20 Be Tender With Me Baby
27210 Awake Live captures the Grammy nominated singer's performance at Salt Lake City's Energy Solutions Arena before a sold-out crowd of 15000 fans on August 28 2007. While the DVD includes fan favorites from Groban's three best-selling albums the majority of the songs are from Awake.  1. You Are Loved (Don't Give Up) /  2. Mai / 3. Un Dia Llegara / 4. Un Giorno Per Noi / 5. Now Or Never /  6. So She Dances /  7. February Song / 8. Alla Luce Del Sole / 9. Aurora ft.Lucia Micarelli / 10. Kashmir - Lucia Micarelli Solo / 11. In Her Eyes / 12. Pearls ft.Angelique Kidjo / 13. L'ultima Notte / 14. Remember When It Rained / 15. Lullaby / 16. Weeping / 17. Machine / 18. Canto Alla Vita / 19. You Raise Me Up / 20. Awake
27257 Henry Rollins has more than ever to rant about in this performance from his recent Shock &amp; Awe Tour its title irreverently inspired by George Bush's early predictions of the Iraqi War's impact. With all the ferocious energy of his days as a front man for the punk group Black Flag Rollins scathingly draws observations from his recent USO tours in Afghanistan and Iraq. He also tears across the American political and cultural landscape and ventures into more personal territory talking about his eclectic career from music to books to TV and film sharing his fascinating insights from traveling the world and revealing his hilariously unsuccessful search for love. Filmed at the Paramount Theater in Seattle on his spoken word tour.
27359 Guy and his sister grow up on an island. His domineering mother keeps watch over everything from the tip of a lighthouse his eccentric father experiments in the basement laboratory. Then there are the orphans on whose heads the adoptive parents later find puzzling wounds. Another brother and sister pair is sent to the island: the Lightball Kids two detectives that are meant to bring light into the darkness. The brothers and sisters are all yanked into the emotional roller coaster of first love while something cryptic comes to light in the parents' house.
27569 Working-class father John Crowley is finally on the fast track to corporate success when his two young children are diagnosed with Pompe disease—a condition that prevents the body from breaking down sugar. With the support of his wife John ditches his career and teams with unconventional specialist Dr. Robert Stonehill to found a bio-tech company and develop a cure in time to save the lives of his children. As Dr. Stonehill works tirelessly to prove the theories that made him the black sheep of the medical community a powerful bond is forged between the two unlikely allies.
"27576 As a CIA officer Evelyn Salt swore an oath to duty honor and country. Her loyalty will be tested when a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy. Salt goes on the run using all her skills and years of experience as a covert operative to elude capture. Salt's efforts to prove her innocence only serve to cast doubt on her motives as the hunt to uncover the truth behind her identity continues and the question remains: ""Who is Salt?"""
28236 As a memorial to George Harrison on the first anniversary of his passing The Concert for George was held at the Royal Albert Hall in London on 29 November 2002 . Organized by Harrison's widow Olivia and son Dhani and arranged under the musical direction of Eric Clapton and Jeff Lynne. A benefit for Harrison's Material World Charitable Foundation the all-star concert took place on the day of the first anniversary of his death. Proceeds from the film also went to the Material World Charitable Foundation. The film was shot using discreet cameras from over twelve locations.
"28371 Highlighted on the With The Lights Out DVD is a previously unreleased video of nine songs performed in 1988 at bassist Krist Novoselic's mother's house in Aberdeen Washington; the rare ""In Bloom"" Sub Pop music video and 10 never-before-seen live performances. Noteworthy among them are debut renditions of ""Pennyroyal Tea"" ""Smells Like Teen Spirit"" both from early 1991. Also premiering is an unlikely performance of Jacques Brel and Rod McKuen's ""Seasons In The Sun"" shot at a Rio de Janeiro studio."
"28717 Bruce Springsteen with The Sessions Band: Live in Dublin is a 2007 video and audio offering that captures in-concert performances from the Bruce Springsteen with The Seeger Sessions Band Tour recorded in November 2006 at The Point Theatre in Dublin Ireland. The release consists of a concert DVD a Blu-ray Disc and separate two-CD audio set. A ""special edition"" of the CD set includes the concert DVD as well. The DVD does not capture any one show in full but rather congeals from three different shows at The Point. Selections include fan favorites from the tour radical ""folk big band"" reinterpretations of the Springsteen canon and rare songs appearing for the first time on any Springsteen release. Contrarily a few set list regulars from the tour and shows are omitted."
28730 A group of CNN reporters wrestle with journalistic ethics and the life-and-death perils of reporting during the Gulf War.A Directors Guild Award-winning movie for director Mick Jackson starring Michael Keaton and Helena Bonham Carter. In 1990 CNN was a 24-hour news network in search of a 24-hour story. They were about to find it in Baghdad. Veteran CNN producer Robert Wiener and his longtime producing partner Ingrid Formanek find themselves in Iraq on the eve of war. Up against the big three networks Weiner and his team are rebels with a cause willing to take risks to get the biggest stories and - unlike their rivals - take them live at a moment's notice. As Baghdad becomes an inevitable US target one by one the networks pull out of the city until only the crew from CNN remains. With a full-scale war soon to be launched all around them and CNN ready to broadcast whatever happens 24 hours a day Wiener and Formanek are about to risk their lives for the story of a lifetime.
29080 Heights' follows five characters over 24 hours on a fall day in New York City. Isabel a photographer is having second thoughts about her upcoming marriage to Jonathan a lawyer. On the same day Isabel's mother Diana learns that her husband has a new lover and begins to re-think her life choices and her open marriage. Diana and Isabel's paths cross with Alec a young actor and with Peter a journalist. As the interrelated stories proceed the connections between the lives of the five characters begin to reveal themselves and their stories unravel. Isabel Jonathan Diana Alec and Peter must choose what kind of lives they will lead before the sun comes up on the next day.
30048 1. Got Me Under Pressure 2. Waitin' For The Bus 3. Jesus Just Left Chicago 4. I'm Bad I'm Nationwide 5. Pin Cushion 6. Cheap Sunglasses 7. Pearl Necklace 8. Heard It On The X 9. Just Got Paid 10. Rough Boy 11. Blue Jean Blues 12. Gimme All Your Lovin' 13. Sharp Dressed Man 14. Legs 15. Tube Snake Boogie 16. La Grange 17. Tush  That Little Ol’ Band from Texas comes up big in ZZ Top: Live from Texas a concert recorded on November 1st 2007 at the Nokia Theatre in Grand Prairie Texas. The hirsute trio (guitarist Billy Gibbons bass player Dusty Hill drummer Frank Beard) has been at it for nearly four decades now.
30129 Faster is an electrifying tribute to the white-knuckle world of MotoGP™ — the fastest sport on two wheels — where the world’s top riders go wheel to wheel at over 200mph and crash at over 100mph. Narrated by Ewan McGregor Faster chases two seasons’ worth of the world championship featuring revealing interviews with riders mechanics doctors commentators and fans. If you want high octane adrenaline fuelled thrills Faster will take you on a nerve shredding journey through the most exciting sport on the planet!
30192 In 1959 Berry Gordy Jr. gathered the best musicians from Detroit's thriving jazz and blues scene to begin cutting songs for his new record company. Over a fourteen year period they were the heartbeat on every hit from Motown's Detroit era. By the end of their phenomenal run this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the Beach Boys the Rolling Stones Elvis and the Beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music. They called themselves the Funk Brothers. Forty-one years after they played their first note on a Motown record and three decades since they were all together the Funk Brothers reunited back in Detroit to play their music and tell their unforgettable story with the help of archival footage still photos narration interviews re-creation scenes 20 Motown master tracks and twelve new live performances of Motown classics with the Brothers backing up contemporary performers.
30338 A series of mysterious lightning storms wreaking havoc worldwide as they spiral through the atmosphere toward Greenland. Once they collide they will create one massive storm that will result in cataclysmic destruction. But the Rescue Heroes use their new Mission Select equipment to contain the disasters all over the world caused by these strange storms. But Billy Blazes is poisoned on a mission  and getting weaker by the moment and Rocky Canyon is grounded for insubordination therefore making the team short-handed. The Rescue Heroes face their biggest challenge yet since they must find a cure to save Billy and solve the mystery of the storms in order to save the world in time.
30859 Recorded on a single night in June 2000 In the Flesh is a thrilling live testament to the strength of Roger Waters's peculiar artistic vision. Backed by a crack ensemble of both fresh and seasoned players the former Pink Floyd songsmith powers through Floyd classics underserved relics and highlights from his spotty solo career. [Tracklist:] 01 In The Flesh  02 The Happiest Days Of Our Lives  03 Another Brick In The Wall Part 2  04 Mother  05 Get Your Filthy Hands Off My Desert  06 Southampton Dock  07 Pigs On The Wing (Part 1)  08 Dogs  09 Welcome To The Machine  10 Wish You Were Here  11 Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Part 1-8)  12 Set The Controls For The Heart Of The Sun  13 Breathe (In The Air)  14 Time  15 Money  16 The Pros And Cons Of Hitch Hiking (Part 11)  17 Perfect Sense (Part 1-2)  18 The Bravery Of Being Out Of Range  19 It's A Miracle  20 Amused To Death  21 Brain Damage  22 Eclipse  23 Comfortably Numb  24 Each Small Candle
30988 Live & Off the Record is the second live album released by Colombian-born musician Shakira. The album was released in 2004 and consists of a two-disc CD and DVD compilation. The CD includes recordings of live performances recorded during 2003 and 2004 and the DVD includes footage from Shakira's Tour of the Mongoose live performance in Rotterdam Netherlands on April 22nd 2003. The album was certified gold by the RIAA in May 2004. In Spain and Latin America the album was titled En Vivo y en Privado.
31088 Fatal desire tells the story of the first Internet-related murder in the United States. Sharee Miller is a 27-year-old fiancee when interviewing with Jerry Cassaday in an Internet chat room. Soon they are in the real life begin a passionate affair. Cassaday plan to have a second chance to fall in love with Miller and makes plans for their future together. During this time Miller leads a double life full of lies. His talent for deception and manipulation reach their summit with the murder of the husband of Miller and the suicide of his lover.
31094 One of the most spectacular and renowned conductors of the 1930s Wilhelm Furtwangler's reputation rivaled that of Toscanini's. After the war he was investigated as part of the Allies' de-Nazification programme. In the bombed-out Berlin of the immediate post-war period the Allies slowly bring law and order to bear on an occupied Germany. An American major is given the Furtwangler file and is told to find everything he can and to prosecute the man ruthlessly. Tough and hard-nosed Major Steve Arnold sets out to investigate a world of which he knows nothing.
31114 Welcome to Monster Camp the true story about a world where people transform into creatures heroes and monsters to escape their daily lives. In the vein of Lord of the Rings World of Warcraft and Dungeons and Dragons; these enthusiasts have developed a complicated world to bring their fantasies to life. Romantic relationships are forged between characters. Friendships are destroyed over plot disputes. Characters are slain and never return. But keeping this world alive takes a lot of real world work. And unless someone is willing to take charge the fantasy may be lost forever.
31327 Parisian authorities clash with the Front de Libération Nationale (FLN) in director Alain Tasma’s recounting of one of the darkest moments of the Algerian War of Independence. As the war wound to a close and violence persisted in the streets of Paris the FLN and its supporters adopted the tactic of murdering French policemen in hopes of forcing a withdrawal. When French law enforcement retaliated by brutalizing Algerians and imposing a strict curfew the FLN organizes a peaceful demonstration that drew over 11000 supporters resulting in an order from the Paris police chief to take brutal countermeasures. Told through the eyes of both French policemen as well as Algerian protestors Tasma’s film attempts to get to the root of the tragedy by presenting both sides of the story.
31791 Since their formation in 1990 Opeth has risen to the forefront of the metal world; bringing many aspects of progressive Rock/Metal to a whole new audience by combining soft acoustic ambience with complex melodic & heavy guitars perfectly concocted into a completely peerless sound. This DVD  contains a captivating Opeth performance from the Camden Roundhouse London in 2006. It shows the band in perfect form playing a selection of classics from their illustrious career. The Roundhouse Tapes was filmed during the band's Ghost Reveries tour on november 2th 2006.
"31865 ""Up! Live in Chicago"" is the third live video album by Canadian singer Shania Twain. Directed and produced by Beth McCarthy-Miller the concert was held and filmed on July 27 2003 at Hutchinson Field in the south-side of Grant Park in Chicago Illinois; over 50000 people attended. The concert itself differed from that of the Up! Tour (2003–04) featuring a different stage setlist and production. Behind-the-scenes footage of the singer visiting local landmarks and events was filmed the same week. The concert film premiered on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) on August 19 2003. The special was watched by over 8.87 million viewers becoming the second-most-viewed concert film on television behind Celine Dion's A New Day... Live in Las Vegas (2003)."
31970 Recorded live in 2004.  The teaming of legendary groups Chicago and Earth Wind &amp; Fire was the tour hit of summer 2004. Playing to sold-out venues this spectacular show brought the Grammy-winning artists together in a show that both individually and together highlighted their revolutionary melding of rock soul and jazz as well as their numerous #1 and Top 10 hits. Now you can have a front- row seat for this amazing concert performed at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles. Every moment all the energy and excitement of this final show of the tour was captured in high- definition for this extraordinary Blu-ray.
"32013 Documentary film investigating allegations of election fraud during the 2004 U.S. presidential election. Electronic voting machines count approximately 90% of America's votes in county state and federal elections. The technology is also increasingly being used across the world including in Canada the United Kingdom Europe and Latin America. The film uncovers incendiary evidence from the trash cans of Texas to the ballot boxes of Ohio exposing secrecy votes in the trash hackable software and election officials rigging the presidential recount.Ultimately proving our votes can be stolen without a trace ""Hacking Democracy"" culminates in the famous 'Hursti Hack'; a duel between the Diebold voting machines and a computer hacker from Finland - with America's democracy at stake."
32235 The year is 1955 and a great flood is coming to Northfork Montana. A new hydroelectric dam is about to be installed in the mountains above the town ready to submerge the valley in the name of progress. It is the charge of a six-man Evacuation Committee to relocate the townsfolk to higher ground. Most have duly departed but a few stubborn stragglers remain – among them a priest caring for a sickly orphan a boy whose fevered visions are leading him to believe he is a member of a roaming band of lost angels desperately searching for a way home.
32241 A small boy squashing an insect sets in motion a series of events large and small that include a lost restaurant reservation a drunken fender-bender disruption of basic cable television service and more than one relationship falling apart. One person's disaster becomes another's boon and vice versa--because a man loses his job a young girl becomes the lead ballerina in the school play which in turn causes the death of a pet pig. These characters weave around Los Angeles and each other as seemingly mundane events fall into place putting them on a collision course with a common fate and one heroic act of competence.
"32523 Joshua Steed returns to Missouri a wealthy man with a beautiful wife; however the past has a way of catching up. Soon Joshua is tangled in a web of rumors deception and betrayal that threatens to tear his family apart. Back in Kirtland financial trouble riddles the foundations of the fledgling Church causing a division and questioning of the Prophet Joseph Smith's divine calling. Has he lost his prophetic gift? Hundreds of Saints immigrate to Missouri where Governor Boggs raises an army - with Joshua at its head - to address the ""Mormon Problem."" When the militia receives orders to attack the Mormon settlement only Joshua can save his family from the gathering mob."
32528 Sentenced to spend out the rest of his adult life laboring in the harsh deserts of Egypt the Thracian slave Spartacus gets a new lease on life when he is purchased by the obese owner of a Roman gladiator school. Moved by the defiance of an Ethiopian warrior Draba Spartacus leads a slave uprising which threatens Rome's status quo. As Spartacus gains sympathy within the Roman Senate he also makes a powerful enemy in form of Marcus Lucinius Crassus who makes it a matter of personal honor to crush the rebellion.
32567 Documentary on the Shackleton Antartic expedition. A retelling of Sir Ernest Shackleton's ill-fated expedition to Antarctica in and the crew of his vessel 'The Endurance' which was trapped in the ice floes and frigid open ocean of the Antarctic in 1914. Shackleton decided with many of his crew injured and weak from exposure and starvation to take a team of his fittest men and attempt to find help. Setting out in appalling conditions with hopelessly inadequate equipment they endured all weather and terrain and finally reached safety. Persuading a local team of his confidence that the abandoned team would still be alive he set out again to find them. After almost 2 years trapped on the ice all members of the crew were finally rescued.
"32770 Part concert footage part fly-on-the-wall video documentary of the ups and downs of a road tour Lamb of God: Killadelphia could easily entertain the most stubborn of metal haters with its lively peek at the band at work and play between shows. Whether dealing with rental truck breakdowns show delays radio interviews in-store appearances late arrivals of equipment or dazzled fans the members of Lamb of God and their handful of assistants keep their cool with fluent wit easygoing camaraderie and unabashed romanticism (meeting up with band members' spouses is one of the highlights of Killadelphia). Meanwhile Lamb of God's grinding apocalyptic wall of sound especially singer Randy Blythe's croaking monster vocals whip a Philadelphia crowd into a hellbound fury. Special features include three music videos including an uncensored ""Now You've Got Something to Die For."""
32804 Upon returning to Los Angeles to attend his father's funeral Damon (Alexander) soon learns that in order to claim his share of the family inheritance he must work alongside his brother Mookie (Kain) — a former drug-dealer who had previously cost Damon a college scholarship — in keeping the family's long-running gas station in business for at least one year. As the siblings repeatedly butt heads over matters both great and small they soon come to realize that it takes more than money to hold a family together.
33019 Live concert by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish. It was recorded in Tampere Finland on 29 December 2000.  Setlist: 1. The Kinslayer / 2. She Is My Sin / 3. Deep Silent Complete / 4. The Pharaoh Sails to Orion / 5. Come Cover Me / 6. Wanderlust / 7. Instrumental (Crimson Tide/Deep Blue Sea) / 8. Swanheart / 9. Elvenpath / 10. FantasMic (Part 3) / 11. Dead Boy's Poem / 12. Sacrament of Wilderness / 13. Walking in the Air / 14. Beauty & the Beast / 15. Wishmaster.
"33066 In 2004 Phil Collins began the first leg of an international concert tour which Collins announced would mark his retirement from live performing. Phil Collins: Finally...The First Final Farewell documents the Paris date on his last set of live shows in which the internationally famous musician was joined by a superb backing band for a set of his greatest songs. Selections include ""In the Air Tonight"" ""Against All Odds"" ""Sussudio"" ""Don't Lose My Number"" ""Take Me Home"" ""One More Night"" and many more."
33226 J'accuse is an 'essay-istic' documentary in which Greenaway's fierce criticism of today's visual illiteracy is argued by means of a forensic search of Rembrandt's Nightwatch. Greenaway explains the background the context the conspiracy the murder and the motives of all its 34 painted characters who have conspired to kill for their combined self-advantage. Greenaway leads us through Rembrandt's paintings into 17th century Amsterdam. He paints a world that is democratic in principle but is almost entirely ruled by twelve families. The notion exists of these regents as charitable and compassionate beings. However reality was different.
33672 Guerrilla ontologist. Psychedelic magickian. Outer head of the Illuminati. Quantum psychologist. Sit-down comic/philosopher. Discordian Pope. Whatever the label and rank Robert Anton Wilson is undeniably one of the foundations of 21th Century Western counterculture.Maybe Logic follows a reality labyrinth which leads through the hollows of human perception to the vast star fields of Sirius where we find one man alone joyfully accepting his status as Damned Old Crank and Cosmic Schmuck. Beaming with insight frustration compassion and unshakable optimism the ever-open eye of Robert Anton Wilson penetrates human illusions exposing the mathematical probabilities and spooky synchronicities of the 8 dimensions of his Universe.
33994 Ivan Beckman Hollywood's most sought-after talent agent the darling and crown prince of La La Land is dead. How and why did it happen? Was it drugs murder or perhaps something altogether more mundane? We begin with an ending and then catapult back a number of days to the apex of Ivan's brilliant career as he bags international megastar Don West onto his company's books. We then follow Ivan through the highs lows and extreme excesses of his final days.
34389 An opus in three parts Iraq In Fragments offers a series of intimate passionately-felt portraits: A fatherless 11-year-old is apprenticed to the domineering owner of a Baghdad garage; Sadr followers in two Shiite cities rally for regional elections while enforcing Islamic law at the point of a gun; a family of Kurdish farmers welcomes the US presence which has allowed them a measure of freedom previously denied. American director James Longley spent more than two years filming in Iraq to create this stunningly photographed poetically rendered documentary of the war-torn country as seen through the eyes of Sunnis Shiites and Kurds.
34647 This psychedelic tour of life after death is seen entirely from the point of view of Oscar a young American drug dealer and addict living in Tokyo with his prostitute sister Linda. When Oscar is killed by police during a bust gone bad his spirit journeys from the past -- where he sees his parents before their deaths -- to the present -- where he witnesses his own autopsy -- and then to the future where he looks out for his sister from beyond the grave.
34690 Concert film of The Police during the 2007-08 reunion tour. Recorded in concert in Buenos Aires at the beginning of December 2007 it’s released on the band’s original label A&amp;M via Universal. Recording the Argentinian leg of the band’s momentous reunion tour the album captures the three piece in concert crammed with every hit from ‘Message in a Bottle’ ‘Walking on the Moon’ ‘Don't Stand So Close to Me’ ‘Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic’ ‘Wrapped Around Your Finger’ ‘Can't Stand Losing You’ ‘Roxanne’ and ‘Every Breath You Take’ closing with the punk urgency of the first track from their 1978 debut ‘Next to You’.
34767 In 2007 the legendary American duo White Stripes toured Canada. Besides playing the usual venues they challenged themselves and played in buses cafés and for Indian tribal elders. Music video director Emmett Malloy followed the band and managed to capture both the special tour extraordinary concert versions of the band's minimalist raw blues-inspired rock songs and the special relationship between the extroverted Jack White and the introspective Meg White - a formerly married couple who for a long time claimed to be siblings. The film makes striking use of the band's concert colors: red white and black.
35019 Nanny McPhee appears at the door of a harried young mother who is trying to run the family farm while her husband is away at war. But once she’s arrived Nanny discovers that the children are fighting a war of their own against two spoiled city cousins who have just moved in. Relying on everything from a flying motorcycle and a statue that comes to life to a tree-climbing piglet and a baby elephant Nanny uses her magic to teach her mischievous charges five new lessons.
35058 1. Newsflash 2. Stiff Upper Lip 3. You Shook Me All Night Long 4. Problem Child 5. Thunderstruck 6. Hell Ain't A Bad Place To Be 7. Hard As A Rock 8. Shoot To Thrill 9. Rock And Roll Ain't Noise Pollution 10. What Do You Do For Money Honey 11. Bad Boy Boogie 12. Hells Bells 13. Up To My Neck In You 14. The Jack 15. Back In Black 16. Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap 17. Highway To Hell 18. Whole Lotta Rosie 19. Let There Be Rock 20. T.N.T. 21. For Those About To Rock We Salute You 22. Shot Down In Flames  The relentless power chords of AC/DC have ruled the likes of rock music and endured through all of its varying forms for nearly three decades. There's not a rock band on MTV or in the basement that doesn't bow before the masters of dirty deeds. Stiff Upper Lip Live captures AC/DC where they shine most--in front of thousands of their rabid fans.
35156 Imagine an ocean without fish. Imagine your meals without seafood. Imagine the global consequences. This is the future if we do not stop think and act.In the film we see firsthand the effects of our global love affair with fish as food.It examines the imminent extinction of bluefin tuna brought on by increasing western demand for sushi; the impact on marine life resulting in huge overpopulation of jellyfish; and the profound implications of a future world with no fish that would bring certain mass starvation.Filmed over two years The End of the Line follows the investigative reporter Charles Clover as he confronts politicians and celebrity restaurateurs who exhibit little regard for the damage they are doing to the oceans.Filmed across the world – from the Straits of Gibraltar to the coasts of Senegal and Alaska to the Tokyo fish market – featuring top scientists indigenous fishermen and fisheries enforcement officials The End of the Line is a wake-up call to the world.
35232 The spectacular one-night only concert by David Foster and his famous friends finds the songwriter and hit producer gathering together the best tracks from his bottomless well of hits and inviting some talented folks to come along and help perform them. Not only are the songs magical the performances are just as enchanting including appearances from Andrea Bocelli Michael Bublé Josh Groban Kenny G Katharine McPhee Celine Dion Blake Shelton Brian McKnight and Charice. Spotlighting #1 hits award-winning songs and other favorites -- all but one originally penned and/or produced by Foster -- this May 23 2008 show at the Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas was unforgettable. Experience it again and again...
35791 In a world ravaged by a virus infection turning its victims into the Undead Alice continues on her journey to find survivors and lead them to safety. Her deadly battle with the Umbrella Corporation reaches new heights but Alice gets some unexpected help from an old friend. A new lead that promises a safe haven from the Undead takes them to Los Angeles but when they arrive the city is overrun by thousands of Undead - and Alice and her comrades are about to step into a deadly trap.
35830 Five-time Emmy nominee and Golden Globe winner Henry Winkler stars in The Most Wonderful Time of the Year the story of what happens when you open your heart to the power of Christmas. Disenchanted single mom Jennifer Cullen (Brooke Burns) is a Scroogette when it comes to anything Christmas. In fact even her six-year-old son Brian is having trouble believing in Santa Claus. But when her Uncle Ralph (Henry Winkler) visits and brings a fellow passenger from his flight named Morgan Derby (Warren Christie) Jennifer s dubious heart awakens to the possibility that perhaps Christmas really does hold miracles. It s uplifting and laugh-packed and a story that will inspire the whole family to believe.
35860 Experience high speed chases and unbelievable motorcycle mastery. Ghost Rider returns for more incredible high speed antics on the streets and freeways of Stockholm Sweden. With real police chases crazy stunts and close calls that make even the most experienced riders flinch. He even rides a snowmobile with no tracks down a snow-less street at high speed. A radical motorcycle video that gets your adrenaline pumping and satisfies your need for speed.If you haven't seen Ghost Rider in action before then make sure you also pick up Ghost Rider - The Final Ride. You will be in awe of the speed and technique of this motorcycle master.
35906 The Falklands Play is a dramatic account of the political events leading up to and including the 1982 Falklands War. The play was written by Ian Curteis an experienced writer who had started his television career in drama but had increasingly come to specialise in dramatic reconstructions of history. It was originally commissioned by the BBC in 1983 for production and broadcast in 1986 but was subsequently shelved by Controller of BBC One Michael Grade due to its alleged pro-Margaret Thatcher stance and jingoistic tone. This prompted a press furore over media bias and censorship.The play was not staged until 2002 when it was broadcast in separate adaptations on BBC Television and Radio.
35944 Half-way through his 12-year prison sentence for an incompetent armed robbery Jimmy Hands gets a lucky break: he's transferred to a prison from which he can probably escape. He convinces the governor to stage a musical in an old chapel next to the prison's outer wall. He rounds up volunteer actors and puts his escape plan into production. Two other barriers besides the wall confront him: the arrival of a nasty inmate John Toombes who insists on joining the escape and Jimmy's feelings of attraction for Anabel a social worker who agrees to appear in the play. Opening night approaches: is this Jimmy's breakout performance?
36124 Chronicles the history ideology and aesthetic of Norwegian black metal a musical subculture infamous as much for a series of murders and church arsons as it is for its unique musical and visual aesthetics. This is the first film to truly shed light on a movement that has heretofore been shrouded by rumor and obscured by inaccurate and shallow depictions. Featuring exclusive interviews with the musicians themselves Until the Light Takes Us explores every aspect of the controversial movement that has captured the attention of the world.
36174 In the later years of the nineteenth century Latin master Mr. Chipping is the mainstay of Brookfields boys boarding school a good teacher and a kindly person but he is considered to be married to the job so that it is a surprise when on a walking holiday he meets and marries the vivacious Kathiewho becomes his helpmate at the school but sadly pre-deceases him. Just before World War One insensitive new headmaster Ralston tries to edge Chipping out but the boys rally and Sir John Rivers an old pupil of Chipping's and now head of the board of governors invites him to stay andwhen the war breaks out and Ralston joins up Chipping becomes the new head.
36180 I Want to Look Like That Guy the new feature length documentary by Michigan film maker Stuart MacDonald is a ground breaking movie about what it really takes to look like the guy in fitness ads. The film exposes the false claims in fitness ads and the deceptive advertising practices that rip off billions of dollars a year from consumers. Once you see what the film maker went through to look lean and ripped you’ll never look at an ad the same way and you will re-think what a normal body image should look like. It is quite funny at times and loaded with old black and white educational films that show you just how far fitness has come and how gullible we still are when it comes to supplement ads in muscle magazines and exercise equipment advertising. You could say this movie is just like Morgan Spurlock’s Super Size Me but in reverse!
"36715 POLICE STATE 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen. Veteran documentary filmmaker Alex Jones conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps now being expanded nationwide. The military industrial complex is transforming our once free nation into a giant prison camp. A cashless society control grid constructed in the name of fighting terrorism was actually built to enslave the American people. Body scanners sound cannons citizen spies staged terror and cameras on every street corner -- it's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan. This film exposes how the ""Continuity of Government"" program has established an all powerful shadow state. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship FEMA camps and a shredded Constitution."
36730 Emily Delahunty is an eccentric British romance novelist who lives in Umbria in central Italy. One day while travelling the train she is on is bombed by terrorists. After she wakes up in a hospital she invites three of the other survivors of the disaster to stay at her Italian villa for recuperation. Of these are The General a retired British Army veteran Werner a young German man and Aimee a young American girl who has now become mute after her parents were both killed in the explosion.
36738 On the night of Oct. 2 2005 Hart and Dana Perry's 15-year-old son Evan jumped to his death from his New York City bedroom window. This moving film is the story told by his filmmaker parents and others who knew him of Evan’s life and death and his life-long struggle with bipolar disorder. It delves into the complexity of Evan's disease sharing his family's journey through the maze of mental illness. In showing how one family deals with generations of loss and grief the film defies the stigma related to mental illness and suicide and tells a human story that touches everyone.
36749 Few comedians can stir up controversy like the legendary Paul Mooney -- writer for Richard Pryor creator of In Living Color's Homey the Clown and featured guest on Chappelle's Show. With his characteristic brutal honesty Mooney passionately and hysterically charges into the electrified currents of racial tension. In this magnificent standup performance at Hollywood's Laugh Factory Mooney earns a standing ovation with his relentless no-holds-barred observations on black history stereotypes and prejudices living in White America celebrity divas and much much more!
36791 Torn straight from the headlines Michael Winterbottom's compelling and prescient 'In This World' follows young Afghan Jamal and his older cousin Enayat as they embark on a hazardous overland trip from their refugee camp at Peshawar north-west Pakistan. Entering Turkey on foot through a snowy Kurdish-controlled pass the pair again take their lives into their hands and face suffocation when they are locked in a freight container on a ship bound for Italy. From there they plan to travel on to Paris the Sangatte refuge centre and ultimately asylum in London.
37011 British filmmaker Simon Cellan Jones directs the BBC drama Eroica starring Ian Hart as Ludwig van Beethoven. Shot on digital video this TV film depicts the first performance of Beethoven's Third Symphony June 9th 1804 in Vienna Austria. Prince Lobkowitz (Jack Davenport) has invited friends to listen to Beethoven conduct his new symphony for the first time. Among the aristocratic attendees are Count Dietrichstein (Tim Pigott-Smith) Countess Brunsvik (Claire Skinner) and composer Josef Haydn (Frank Finlay). The actual musical score is performed by the Orchestre Revolutionaire et Romantique under the direction of John Eliot Gardiner.
37122 This is the true and astounding saga of the Spartans at Thermopylae. It is among the greatest tales of war ever recounted. All the glory and grit of these warriors' last stand is captured in this exceptional documentary. It is almost impossible to understand how 300 Spartans managed to hold off the million-man Persian army for even a moment much less seven days. To a man they paid with their lives but their stunning Last Stand assured that their sacrifice would resonate throughout history. Transporting dramatizations and incisive graphics put you in the heat of the battle and show the lay of the land. The complications and strategies of the conflict are revealed through careful analysis and critical moments are reconstructed to show exactly what happened. Discover what the Spartans were fighting for what made them capable of such heroics and what drove them to such sacrifice.
37259 Music fans know Maynard James Keenan as the frontman of such bands as Tool A Perfect Circle and Puscifer but in this documentary filmmakers Christopher Pomerenke and Ryan Page offer a closer look at one of the prolific rocker's more unexpected hobbies -- winemaking. Along with his business partner Eric Glomski Keenan has managed to transform an arid stretch of Arizona desert into a lush vineyard that yields some particularly tasty grapes. Through unguarded conversations with Keenan and Glomski Pomerenke and Page discover just what got the pair interested in winemaking and why they chose such a hostile natural environment to serve as the site of their winery.
37592 Invisible Empire is all conspiracy and no theory – proving beyond doubt how the elite have openly conspired to insidiously rule the globe via the engines of the CFR the United Nations the Trilateral Commission and the Bilderberg group which were born out of the historical Round Table groups first set up by Cecil Rhodes. The film traces the lineage of the evolution of global governance from Samuel Zane Batten’s 1919 manifesto New World Order through to Hitler’s vision of a 1000 year Reich to the modern incarnation of the conspiracy which has its roots in the evil deeds of people like George H. W. Bush David Rockefeller and Henry Kissinger.
37661 A former US Operative who lived in Russia in his earlier years and had been married there with a child comes out of retirement to face down a former enemy now running as a candidate for President in modern Russia. Working with a Russian policewoman they work to uncover a plot to use biological weapons against certain factions of the Russian people to commit genocide. The virus would also be released in other populations but would be treated making the candidate a hero. A side plot has the agent being reunited with his long lost daughter.
37664 The 'peacetour' DVD was recorded at the Eurythmics' charity concert at London Docklands Arena on December 6th 1999. The DVD includes 21 songs filmed on stage and a documentary in the DVD extras.  I want it all - Missionary man - Thorn in my side - When tomorrow comes - It's alright (baby's coming back) - I saved the world today - Who's that girl? - I love you like a ball and chain - Would I lie to you? - Sisters are doin' it for themselves - Again - You have placed a chill in my heart - Love is a stranger - I need a man - Walking on broken glass - There must be an angel (playing with my heart) - Here comes the rain again - Why - The miracle of love - Peace is just a word - Sweet dreams (are made of this)
"37691 Maya is a quick-witted young woman who comes over the Mexican border without papers and makes her way to the LA home of her older sister Rosa. Rosa gets Maya a job as a janitor: a non-union janitorial service has the contract the foul-mouthed supervisor can fire workers on a whim and the service-workers' union has assigned organizer Sam Shapiro to bring its ""justice for janitors"" campaign to the building. Sam finds Maya a willing listener she's also attracted to him. Rosa resists she has an ailing husband to consider. The workers try for public support; management intimidates workers to divide and conquer. Rosa and Maya as well as workers and management may be set to collide."
"37715 Trey is a young deliveryman who can't seem to catch a break. His whole life is a shambles - no money for college and no game to attract the ladies. After a failed attempt to get together with the girl of his dreams Trey gets caught up by a seductive older woman who pays for his ""personal delivery services."" He's having the time of his life - at first but this deceptively ideal situation soon sends his life spinning out of control!"
37735 Olive an average high school student sees her below-the-radar existence turn around overnight once she decides to use the school's gossip grapevine to advance her social standing. Now her classmates are turning against her and the school board is becoming concerned including her favorite teacher and the distracted guidance counselor. With the support of her hilariously idiosyncratic parents and a little help from a long-time crush Olive attempts to take on her notorious new identity and crush the rumor mill once and for all.
37756 The Sex Pistols album Never Mind The Bollocks Here's The Sex Pistols is unquestionably one of the most important musical statements in the history of British music. It was in 1977 at a time when the nation was crippled by class division and unemployment that four working class teenagers with supposedly non-existent futures recorded an album that to this day remains as one of the greatest and most influential bodies of work ever recorded. This documentary features exclusive interview's with all four of the original members of the Sex Pistols as they take you on a track by track look at the making of the album. Featuring Steve Jones and Glen Matlock demonstrating selected riffs and licks off the album and explaining the development of the song writing. Candid interviews with Malcolm McLaren Chris Thomas and Bill Price set the record straight about the recording session. Intertwining additional rare home video live footage and early demo's make this release a compelling must see.
37760 One Cold Winter's Night was recorded on February 11th 2006 at the historic Rockefeller Musichall in Oslo Norway. Kamelot enlisted renowned film and video director Patric Ullaeus to chronicle the night's events. Arriving with him from Gothenberg Sweden Patric had a large crew of professionals and equipment including 18 cameras that would be used in and around the concert grounds. The title for the band's first DVD (based on an earlier Kamelot song title) was chosen long before the actual shoot. Ironically this winter turned out to be one of the longest and coldest in the country's history with enormous amounts of snow and numerous chaos-causing blizzards. A very special thanks goes out to fans that had to wait in line before doors opened to the sold out show. We sincerely hope we managed to warm you back up!
37826 A two disc amalgam of the final performances of 2001's Madison Square Gardens performances by one of the greatest bands in the world of some of the greatest music in the world. The atmosphere positively floods out of the screen to envelop you and the hairs on your neck will be standing on end before the first note has been struck. After watching this you'll believe that The Boss is incapable of putting a foot wrong. By the end he's only just short of defying gravity.
37861 Scandinavia 1000 AD. For years One Eye a mute warrior of supernatural strength has been held prisoner by the Norse chieftain Barde. Aided by Are a boy slave One Eye slays his captor and together he and Are escape beginning a journey into the heart of darkness. On their flight One Eye and Are board a Viking vessel but the ship is soon engulfed by an endless fog that clears only as the crew sights an unknown land. As the new world reveals its secrets and the Vikings confront their terrible and bloody fate One Eye discovers his true self.
37899 Live Evolution is the title of a 2001 live album and a DVD released by Queensr˙che. It was recorded over two nights (July 27–28 2001) at the Moore Theatre in Seattle Washington. On the CD the tracks were collected in suites which represent different moments of the band production and include a large section of the concept album Operation: Mindcrime. The DVD contains footage shot at the same concerts and features less songs listed in the order they were played during the shows.
37932 Carrie is a big-city teenager whose life is turned upside down when she moves to a horse ranch in Wyoming to live with her father. But everything changes when Carrie meets Flicka a wild jet-black mustang who's just as free-spirited and strong-willed as Carrie. The two form a special bond and Carrie opens her heart to her father and a handsome local boy but when a jealous rival puts Flicka's life in jeopardy Carrie must do whatever it takes to save her best friend.
37945 King Henry II (Patrick Stewart) keeps his wife Eleanor (Glenn Close) locked away in the towers because of her frequent attempts to overthrow him. With Eleanor out of the way he can have his dalliances with his young mistress (Yuliya Vysotskaya). Needless to say the queen is not pleased although she still has affection for the king. Working through her sons she plots the king's demise and the rise of her second and preferred son Richard (Andrew Howard) to the throne. The youngest son John (Rafe Spall) an overweight buffoon and the only son holding his father's affection is the king's choice after the death of his first son young Henry. But John is also overly eager for power and is willing to plot his father's demise with middle brother Geoffrey (John Light) and the young king of France Phillip (Jonathan Rhys Meyers). Geoffrey of course sees his younger brother's weakness and sees that route as his path to power. Obviously political and court intrigue ensues
37950 Accomplished sailor Charlie St. Cloud has the adoration of his mother Claire and his little brother Sam as well as a college scholarship that will lead him far from his sleepy Pacific Northwest hometown. But his bright future is cut short when a tragedy strikes and takes his dreams with it. After his high-school classmate Tess returns home unexpectedly Charlie grows torn between honoring a promise he made four years earlier and moving forward with newfound love. And as he finds the courage to let go of the past for good Charlie discovers the soul most worth saving is his own.
"37985 ""The Trials of Darryl Hunt"" is a feature documentary about a brutal rape/murder case and a wrongly convicted man Darryl Hunt who spent nearly twenty years in prison for a crime he did not commit. Both a social justice story and a personally driven narrative the film chronicles this capital case from 1984 through 2004. With exclusive footage from two decades the film frames the judicial and emotional response to a chilling crime - and the implications that reverberate from Hunt's conviction - against a backdrop of class and racial bias in the South and in the American criminal justice system."
38041 This documentary is a considered look at the continuing story of Metal in the words of the people that make it live it breathe it and keep it vital. The Bands. The Fans The Producers The Industry and The Journalists. What makes it tick why nothing else can touch it for power emotion and longevity why it's misunderstood why it doesn't care how it continues to upset the establishment how it manipulates the media the positivity and the way it has forced it's iconography and ethos deep into an unsuspecting and unwilling mainstream.
"38104 Diana Krall has had a long time fascination with bossa nova a type of music which perfectly suits her sophisticated yet sensual style. This culminated in her new studio album ""Quiet Nights"" (released by Verve in spring 2009) and in this stunning concert filmed in the home of the bossa nova Rio de Janeiro in November 2008. Accompanied by her band and an orchestra Diana Krall delivers a superb set of standards in true bossa nova style but clearly bearing her unique stamp. This DVD captures Diana Krall at her scintillating best."
"38124 Shane Black (""Lethal Weapon"") John Carpenter (""Halloween"") Frank Darabont (""The Shawshank Redemption"") William Goldman (""The Princess Bride"") Paul Schrader (""Taxi Driver"") and dozens of other Hollywood screenwriters share hilarious anecdotes and penetrating insights in ""Tales from the Script"" the most comprehensive documentary ever made about screenwriting. By analyzing their triumphs and recalling their failures the participants explain how successful writers develop the skills necessary for toughing out careers in one of the world's most competitive industries. They also reveal the untold stories behind some of the greatest screenplays ever written describing their adventures with luminaries including Harrison Ford Stanley Kubrick Joel Silver Martin Scorsese and Steven Spielberg. The film was produced in tandem with the upcoming HarperCollins book of the same name."
38167 Liz Gilbert had everything a modern woman is supposed to dream of having – a husband a house and a successful career – yet like so many others she found herself lost confused and searching for what she really wanted in life. Newly divorced and at a crossroads Gilbert steps out of her comfort zone risking everything to change her life embarking on a journey around the world that becomes a quest for self-discovery. In her travels she discovers the true pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy the power of prayer in India and finally and unexpectedly the inner peace and balance of true love in Bali.
"38182 Nothing encourages one to ignore those silly contradictions in Shania Twain's music (is she country? is she pop?) like a collection of her highly playful videos. The Platinum Collection rolls right over boundaries of tradition and genre with its concentration of imaginative often surprising visuals. ""The Woman in Me"" for instance is set among Egypt's pyramids while ""Man! I Feel Like a Woman!"" finds a stunning Twain fronting a band of mindless hunks in a funny reversal of Robert Palmer's ""Addicted to Love"" video. ""You're Still the One"" easily one of Twain's most affecting songs still holds up as a softly erotic short film. Even Twain's more prosaic videos (the go-kart mania of ""You Win My Love"") bear repeat viewing but it's her heck-with-it aesthetic that leads to such unexpected sights as Irish step dancing in ""Don't Be Stupid (You Know I Love You)."" Then of course there are those hot pants in ""Rock This Country!"" Long may Shania wave."
38234 Russian inmate Boyka now severely hobbled by the knee injury suffered at the end of Undisputed 2. No longer the feared prison fighter he was he has declined so far that he is now good only for cleaning toilets. But when a new prison fight tournament begins - an international affair matching the best fighters from prisons around the globe enticing them with the promise of freedom for the winner - Boyka must reclaim his dignity and fight for his position in the tournament.
38294 Gerry and Sewell are broke. Gerry's still at school and Sewell is unemployed. They both wish for better things in life. Owning two season tickets to their beloved football club is their biggest dream of all. The tickets cost £1000 - they're £1000 short. But they are nothing if not resourceful and they set themselves a mission to raise the cash. While they think up increasingly outlandish money making schemes - from selling junk to shoplifting and the odd bit of housebreaking - real life begins to interfere with the pair's final scam going hilariously awry landing them in jail only to discover that their punishment gets them exactly where they want to be!
38335 Leading a renaissance of earnestness is the Scottish band Travis whose December 20 2003 concert at London's Alexandra Palace finds the young band onstage and on fire before a polite yet enthusiastic crowd of 8000. It's a huge hall almost too big for the band's intimate introspective music. But Travis pulls off a high-energy show built around its 2003 12 Memories album lighting songwriter Fran Healy's pure-pop cadences with terse arrangements and bursts of overdriven sound. The band plays tight and clean commendably resisting the tendency among bands to get noisy when they want to sound powerful. If only director Matt Askem better understood this concept. The cameras are always moving giving us almost no stationary vantage. Still the picture looks great with terrific use of black and supersaturated hues emphasizing primary colors. Travis at the Palaceis an exciting record of a band in its prime.
38344 After decades of laboring as a Glasgow shipbuilder Frank Redmond a no-nonsense 55-year-old working-class man suddenly finds himself laid off. For the first time in his life he is without a job or a sense of direction and he's too proud to ask for guidance. His best mates - rascally Danny timid Norman and cynical Eddie - are there for him but Frank still feels desperately alone. An offhand remark from Danny inspires Frank to challenge himself. Already contemplating the state of his relationships with loving wife Joan and all-but-estranged son Rob Frank is determined to shore up his own self-confidence. He will attempt the near impossible - swimming the English Channel.
38413 King Lear old and tired divides his kingdom among his daughters giving great importance to their protestations of love for him. When Cordelia youngest and most honest refuses to idly flatter the old man in return for favor he banishes her and turns for support to his remaining daughters. But Goneril and Regan have no love for him and instead plot to take all his power from him. In a parallel Lear's loyal courtier Gloucester favors his illegitimate son Edmund after being told lies about his faithful son Edgar. Madness and tragedy befall both ill-starred fathers.
"38538 On May 25 2006 the band took the stage in Cleveland for a new venture accompanied by the 115-piece Contemporary Youth Orchestra and a 60-member chorus. With a set list that combined Styx classics new songs and cover versions this was a truly unique event. In 2006 Styx upped the ante on their already-epic stage presence by joining forces with the Contemporary Youth Orchestra of Cleveland. Backed by the 115-piece symphony and a 60-member choir the rock band played incredible renditions of their hits including ""Renegade"" and ""Too Much Time on My Hands."""
38543 In the year 1215 the rebel barons of England have forced their despised King John to put his royal seal on the Magna Carta a seminal document that upheld the rights of free men. Yet within months of pledging himself to the great charter the King reneged on his word and assembled a mercenary army on the south coast of England with the intention of bringing the barons and the country back under his tyrannical rule. Barring his way stood the mighty Rochester castle a place that would become the symbol of the rebel's momentous struggle for justice and freedom.
38575 Twelve-year-old Dre Parker could have been the most popular kid in Detroit but his mother's latest career move has landed him in China. Dre immediately falls for his classmate Mei Ying but the cultural differences make such a friendship impossible. Even worse Dre's feelings make him an enemy of the class bully Cheng. With no friends in a strange land Dre has nowhere to turn but maintenance man Mr. Han who is a kung fu master. As Han teaches Dre that kung fu is not about punches and parries but maturity and calm Dre realizes that facing down the bullies will be the fight of his life.
38757 When the kingdom's most wanted-and most charming-bandit Flynn Rider hides out in a mysterious tower he's taken hostage by Rapunzel a beautiful and feisty tower-bound teen with 70 feet of magical golden hair. Flynn's curious captor who's looking for her ticket out of the tower where she's been locked away for years strikes a deal with the handsome thief and the unlikely duo sets off on an action-packed escapade complete with a super-cop horse an over-protective chameleon and a gruff gang of pub thugs.
38820 When English Mark surprises his American bride Holly with her dream honeymoon to Portugal she cant believe her luck. Mark goes to great trouble to organise everything for her. They arrive in Portugal to discover that the country is hosting a major international soccer tournament and that the English national team is playing! Whats more the England team and their raucous fans seem to follow them everywhere. Soccer-loving Mark claims innocence - a complete coincidence - after all what kind of man would lie to his new wife just to watch England play in a tournament?
"38877 Not The Messiah (He's a Very Naughty Boy) is a comic oratorio based on Monty Python's Life of Brian which retells the tragic tale of Mandy impregnated by a Roman soldier giving birth to Brian a reluctant revolutionary of the People's Front of Judea who falls in love with Judith gets mistaken for a Messiah and is arrested by the Romans and sentenced to be crucified. It ranges in reference from Handel through a naughty Mozart duet to the Festival of Nine Carols Bob Dylan and the classic finale ""Always Look on the Bright Side of Life""."
38932 The village of Kilcoulins Leap was once a thriving spa town and was home to a famous Holy Well but now offers little by way of employment for its people and its decline seems inexorable. When local Postie Podger Byrnes comes up with a plan to hijack a consignment of Viagra and sell it on the open market in Amsterdam his friends are desperate enough to try it. Not counting on the muscular response of Viagra's makers the boys panic and hide the lorry load of Viagra down the town's Holy Well.
38934 Like the hit album that inspires its name Supernatural Live brings journeyman guitarist Carlos Santana back into the mainstream by surrounding him with younger superstars eager to bask in his formidable musical presence. Resuscitating stardom through sheer proximity can translate to forced pairings or superfluous music making but credit Santana himself with minimizing such missteps. A fusion artist before the term was coined the erstwhile Mexican street musician long ago extended his technical reach and broadened his stylistic palette by hungrily assimilating different styles of music. Accordingly he shifts gears easily whether soloing behind Dave Matthews trading lines with legendary saxophonist Wayne Shorter or spicing up a hip-hop excursion with Lauryn Hill.
39042 Gabriel is a man who on the surface has it all-successful professional life as an architect a beautiful wife Annie and a devoted young daughter Elizabeth. But slowly it dawns on him that he is not really happy. Gabriel decides that he wants to write a play about the sorry state of his life. He quits his job gets a pushy literary agent friend to represent him and starts writing. Although his marriage ends in a divorce the play is success and although his life is different than it was he is happier.
39081 U2's 360° concert at the famous Pasadena Rose Bowl was U2's biggest ever show in the United States with a box office attendance in excess of 97000.  The first live streaming of a full-length stadium concert U2360° at the Rose Bowl streamed across seven continents making history with over 10 million views in one week. Shot entirely in HD this ground breaking concert was filmed with 28 cameras and directed by Tom Krueger who previously shot the concert film U23D. U2360° resumes in Europe in August with North American dates to follow in 2011.
39125 Claire a brilliant student seeks answers to the meaning of life in the calm of her biology laboratory. One day she meets a mysterious young man Jack at the cinema and is intrigued by his style assurance and audacity. Apart from his artistic activities Jack has a regular scam going ripping off foreign businessmen with his loyal mate Charlie and two actresses. But his tough guy exterior conceals a secret passion for old books and he dreams of writing a novel one day. Jack falls hard for Claire's purity and curiosity. An unusual romance develops between them. But Jack is scared of their growing intimacy and rejects Claire withdrawing into his shell. Abandoned and confused Claire gradually begins to neglect her studies and embarks on a spiraling course of self-destruction whilst Jack who tries to ignore her concentrates on his criminal activities. However a sharp detective named Linda Fox is following his dodgy tracks.
39178 Vivica A. Fox and Shemar Moore return for this thrilling sequel to Motives that picks up three years after the events of the original film. Innocent convict Emery Simms is serving time for a crime he didn't commit; while most convict's claims of innocence are shoddy at best Emery has every reason to protest his wrongful incarceration. Meanwhile in the outside world Emery's ex-wife (Fox) has married his best friend and the pair is struggling to build a normal life together. When Emery is killed in prison and his brother Donovan (Brian J. White) discovers the truth about what killed his ill-fated sibling his quest to cut through the complex web of lies and deceit which previously ensnared Emery threatens to bring about deadly consequences.
39182 After years of meticulous planning a terrorist operation is reaching its final stages. The authorities have received no intelligence; they are in a race against time but don't yet know it. As the operation unfolds we see the working lives of men and women directly affected by terrorism. Among them: a firemen worried about the increasingly dangerous conditions he and his men are expected to work under; the head of the anti-terrorist branch whose responsibility it is to protect London and a female Muslim detective brought into Scotland Yard to investigate another suspected terrorist cell. But it is too late to stop the attack.
39183 In the 1970s the North American Soccer League marked the first attempt to introduce soccer to American sports fans. While most teams had only limited success at best one managed to break through to genuine mainstream popularity - the New York Cosmos. The brainchild of Steve Ross (Major executive at Warner Communications) and the Ertegun brothers (Founders of Atlantic Records) the Cosmos got off to a rocky start in 1971 but things changed in 1975 when the world's most celebrated soccer star the Brazilian champion Pele signed with the Cosmos for a five-million-dollar payday. With the arrival of Pele the Cosmos became a hit  and the players became the toast of the town earning their own private table at Studio 54. A number of other international soccer stars were soon lured to the Cosmos including Franz Beckenbauer Rodney Marsh and Carlos Alberto but with the turn of the decade the team began losing favor with fans and folded in 1985.
"39223 Comedy Central's jittery apoplectic commentator on all things absurd in politics and culture is superb on this disc's collection of four half-hour cable specials and bonus features. Fans and newcomers get a chance to see how much the comic has grown since his delightful 1998 show in which Black characteristically sputtered this bit of social-scientific criticism: ""It's absolutely stupid that we've lost the ozone layer. We've got men rockets Saran Wrap--fix it!"" Black attacks Bill Clinton for obscuring the meaning of infidelity (""If curling is an Olympic sport oral sex is adultery!"") Y2K hype flu shots America's power elite Ross Perot (""He's the kid in Deliverance all growed-up!"") and even delivers a ""Taxes 101"" college lecture (""What would help IRS forms? Verbs!""). Bonus features include Black's ""Indecision 2000"" inserts--caustic commentary about the last Republican and Democrat conventions--for Jon Stewart's show. Highly entertaining stuff."
"39235 ""Rave un2 the year 2000"" celebrates the joy of life as PRINCE performs music from his critically acclaimed album Rave Un2 The Joy Fantastic as well as selections from his vault of smash hits and pop classics. Filmed at Paisley Park Studio in Minneapolis where a multi-piece band including legendary bass player Larry Graham and members of the Family Stone join Prince in this spectacular historic event. Special guests include Lenny Kravitz Rosie Gaines Maceo Parker George Clinton Morris Day and The Time."
39341 In Cameron a group of hunters is attacked by a wild animal and Charlie Cowley survives but sees his brother Scott dying. Seven years later his teenage nephew Derek Cowley steals the key of his stepfather's cabin in the isolated Fire Road 13 and travels with four classmates and his friend Sam to spend the weekend having a party with booze and sex. However they are attacked by a Beast that kills his friends in a sadistic way. Sam and Derek survive and they suspect that his stepfather Mitchell Toblat is a werewolf. When Charlie meets Derek and Sam they decide to collect evidence to prove that Mitchell is the Beast and kill him but Mitchell discovers their plot and chases the trio.
"39443 Beyonce's London fans go crazy when the Destiny's Child beauty on her first solo international tour descends to a massive stage while suspended upside down from a wire. After a delicate landing the star embarks on a set of recent hits immersed in complicated arrangements including the Arabic sound of ""Baby Boy"" and ""Naughty Girl"" the chunky hypnotic funk of ""Hip Hop Star"" and Beyonce: Live at Wembley's best performance the powerful ""Work It Out"" in which the diva is at her clearest jazziest and most soulful. Not everything works. The bottom falls out of ""Gift from Virgo"" ""Be with You"" is forgettable and Beyonce's stage patter needs polish. But a Destiny's Child medley accompanied by only a DJ is innovative and fun ""Summertime"" proves a breezy dance number and ""Crazy in Love"" is bolstered by what sounds like the old Stax horns."
39452 Banksy is a graffiti artist with a global reputation whose work can be seen on walls from post-hurricane New Orleans to the separation barrier on the Palestinian West Bank. Fiercely guarding his anonymity to avoid prosecution Banksy has so far resisted all attempts to be captured on film. Exit Through the Gift Shop tells the incredible true story of how an eccentric French shop keeper turned documentary maker attempted to locate and befriend Banksy only to have the artist turn the camera back on its owner.
39508 50 years ago Jųrgen Lauersen Vig bought Hesbjerg Castle situated in the Danish country side with the purpose of turning it into a monastery. Now many years later he is about to realize his old dream. A group of Russian Orthodox nuns are on their way and thus Mr. Vigs life-long dream is about to come true. But nuns have plans and wills of their own and Mr. Vig must realize that the road to fulfilling his dream is very different than what he imagined.
"39542 Sir! No Sir! is a documentary film about the anti-war movement within the ranks of the United States Military during the Vietnam War. It consists in part of interviews with Vietnam veterans explaining the reasons they protested the war or even defected. The film tells the story of how from the very start of the war there was resentment within the ranks over the difference between the conflict in Vietnam and the ""good wars"" that their fathers had fought. Over time it became apparent that so many were opposed to the war that they could speak of a movement."
39563 Michael is a widower who is struggling to adjust to his new role as the sole caretaker of his two children. Still reeling from the death of his wife he has been plagued by terrifying apparitions. When he volunteers at a local literary festival he finds himself drawn to Lena an empathetic author of supernatural fiction. While Lena tries to help Michael with the mystery of his nightmarish visions she must contend with problems of her own as she’s being jealously pursued by self-obsessed novelist Nicholas her one-time lover. As the festival progresses the three adults’ lives converge and collide.
39786 Visual Acoustics celebrates the life and career of Julius Shulman the world's greatest architectural photographer whose images brought modern architecture to the American mainstream. Shulman who passed away this year captured the work of nearly every modern and progressive architect since the 1930s including Frank Lloyd Wright Richard Neutra John Lautner and Frank Gehry. His images epitomized the singular beauty of Southern California's modernist movement and brought its iconic structures to the attention of the general public. This unique film is both a testament to the evolution of modern architecture and a joyful portrait of the magnetic whip-smart gentleman who chronicled it with his unforgettable images.
39958 David George and Greg best friends since high school are “The War Boys”. They used to perch on the US-Mexican border waiting to spot illegal immigrants who were trying to run into the United States. Sometimes without a thought for the immigrants the boys chased them across the wasteland and back across the border – just for fun. It was just one of those games boys played to make themselves feel big. But high school’s over now. David is unexpectedly home from his freshman year of college and the War Boys have been reunited.
"40056 Marc Hall a young man living in Quebec registers his prom date as per his Catholic school's rules. He is denied his request because his prom date is a boy. Marc Hall is an openly gay teenager in a very conservative Catholic school. This film documents his struggles (legal emotional ethical and personal) to be himself and to live his life the way he deems best. With the help of friends family and supporters ""Cinderfella"" makes it to the ball With his Prince Charming."
"40080 Alexandra ""Alex"" Delgado a pairs figure skater found her career come to an abrupt halt after her partner (on and off the ice) became injured. As their love affair cooled a heartbroken Alex stopped competing and turned to teaching. Enter James Van Behr the smoldering bad boy of speed skating who has had fiery Alex in his sights as a skating partner ever since he was banned from speed skating. There aren't many girls who say no to him but she may well be the first. However he pushes her buttons challenging her like no one else - and her fighting spirit returns. She agrees to be his partner and they begin a grueling practice regimen fueled (and occasionally derailed) by their own tempestuous relationship which heats up as they get closer to competition. But will their passion destroy Alex's chance to bring home the gold again?"
"40090 A look at man's relationship with Dirt. Dirt has given us food shelter fuel medicine ceramics flowers cosmetics and color --everything needed for our survival. For most of the last ten thousand years we humans understood our intimate bond with dirt and the rest of nature. We took care of the soils that took care of us. But over time we lost that connection. We turned dirt into something ""dirty."" In doing so we transform the skin of the earth into a hellish and dangerous landscape for all life on earth. A millennial shift in consciousness about the environment offers a beacon of hope - and practical solutions."
40150 The story of one person's triumph over adversity: cameras followed the comedian on a very stressful comeback tour and caught the story behind some of her best loved material en route. Prior to her Sexie tour in 2003 and under extreme pressure to write she delved into her own life for inspiration. So began an accidental voyage into her past that paralleled her world tour and culminated in a moment of revelation about the source of her relentless drive. Film contains exclusive never-before-seen footage including the famous 'wolves' material Izzard's first student sketches and unicycle-riding as a street performer in Covent Garden. Hilarious and moving by turns an inspiring tale of how tragedy can be turned to laughter.
40205 The story about Abby Jensen a girl who's been eager to reach her 16th birthday and has kept a secret wish list since she was a little girl. When the Big Day actually arrives utter disaster strikes leaving Abby to think her birthday is ruined. But when a mysterious box of magical birthday candles arrives to turn things around Abby's 16 Wishes start to come true. Her day gets better and better...until she makes one wish that threatens to change everything.
40376 Two lawyers and labor rights' activists Daniel Kovalik of the United Steel Workers of America and Terry Collingsworth of the International Rights Advocates and their partner Ray Rogers of Corporate Campaign firmly believe that US multinational corporations should be held accountable for the shabby practices of their business associates throughout the world. To lead their battle they resort to a law dating back to the origin of the American Constitution - The Alien Tort Claims Act - which allows foreigners to file suit in the U.S. against Americans who violate international laws. The film tells the story of their fight against one of America's stellar icons: the Coca-Cola company.
40406 Live intimate and raw Sessions For Robert J is the essential audio/video companion to Eric Clapton's 2004 gold Top 10 Me And Mr. Johnson tribute to blues legend Robert Johnson. Filmed during tour rehearsals in London and Dallas plus a Los Angeles hotel room and the Dallas warehouse where Johnson made some of his final recordings Sessions for Robert J finds Clapton performing all Robert Johnson songs with his touring band acoustically with Doyle Bramhall II and solo-as well as discussing Johnson and his influence. A performance/documentary DVD with 14 tracks (from which the 11 CD selections are taken) Sessions for Robert J is blues heaven.
40438 During the first half of 2002 Kylie Minogue toured Europe and Australia. This DVD captures it. Live In Manchester is a good concert that explores Kylie's musical catalog rather well from her days as a manufactured pop tart princess to her current status as icon and electro-pop diva. The concert occurs in seven different acts meant to display Kylie in some of the different manifestaions she has adopted throughout her career. Cultural references are everywhere in this concert. There's a nod to Keith Haring and many others from Staney Kubrick burlesque and sci-fi flicks. It's all hard to catch but done very well.
"40503 The story of the making of this remarkable album is told here via exclusive interviews with band members James Hetfield Lars Ulrich Kirk Hammett and Jason Newsted archive footage and performance and contributions from producer Bob Rock. We revisit the original multi-tracks of the album as well as listen to previously unheard demo recordings. Featuring the five singles from the album Enter Sandman Sad But True ""The Unforgiven"" ""Wherever I May Roam"" and ""Nothing Else Matters"" this is the compelling story of one of the biggest selling albums of all time a true Classic Album."
"40620 ""I Have Never Forgotten You"" is a comprehensive look at the life and legacy of Simon Wiesenthal the famed Nazi hunter and humanitarian. Narrated by Academy Award winning actress Nicole Kidman it features interviews with longtime Wiesenthal associates government leaders from around the world friends and family members--many of whom have never discussed the legendary Nazi hunter and humanitarian on camera. Previously unseen archival film and photos also highlight the film. What was the driving force behind his work? What kept him going when for years the odds were against his efforts? What is his legacy today more than 60 years after the end of World War Two?"
40624 When a stunt man dies in Miami his uncle a New York mob boss sends a hit man to tail the stunt coordinator whom the boss wants dead. The hit man Eric O'Bryne gets close to his mark's daughter and through her he asks her dad to teach him to do stunts. While waiting for the word to kill this mentor Eric discovers the joy of stunt work and of being part of a family. Meanwhile several people are looking for the dead man's briefcase of money and a cloth bag of illegal drugs that he stole from an undercover FBI agent now desperate to get the borrowed drugs back to the bureau. The stunt coordinator says that 'we dance in the shadows of death.' Can Eric step out into the sun?
40632 After Elizabeth's husband dies she begins to play her tenor saxophone again and remembers when she was 15 and a member of the Blonde Bombshells an all-girl (with one exception) swing band. Accompanied by the exception and urged on by her grand-daughter Elizabeth hunts up all the old members of the band and urges them to perform and in doing so learns more than she knew about the band its members the roses on the drum set and herself--the last of the Blonde Bombshells.
40635 Marco Poloni's family owns a bakery in the Bronx and it seems that they have fallen on hard times and his family is considering selling the bakery. Marco then decides to enter a baking competition hoping that the money and publicity will help them. But he needs a partner so her asks Grace Carpenter the baker of restaurant but unfortunately they started off on the wrong foot but she agrees. So they go to the competition and things seem to be looking good except for a few complications. One of the other contestant Jacques du Jacques is Marco's former classmate at the Academy whom he says betrayed him. Emil one of the judges is Marco's former instructor at the Academy whom he did not leave a good impression on. And Marco's temper. So will they be able to pull it off. And at the same time Marco finds himself attracted to her but she already has a boyfriend.
40689 The latest addition to Eagle's critically acclaimed and highly successful Classic Albums series is Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers 1979 breakthrough album Damn The Torpedoes . The band s third album defined their musical style and took them into the mainstream hitting No.2 on the US charts and spawning the top 10 single Don t Do Me Like That . The DVD features newly filmed contributions from the band members Tom Petty Mike Campbell Benmont Tench Ron Blair and Stan Lynch along with co-producer Jimmy Iovine and engineer Shelly Yakus as they analyse the tracks from the original multi-track tapes and through new and archive performances. Damn The Torpedoes has stood the test of time as one of the great American rock albums of its era and is a worthy addition to the Classic Albums series.
40981 Everything is falling into place for Alan Alvarez. With an impending high ranking promotion and four years of stable relationship with his dream girl Daphne Recto he is at the cusp of getting everything he's always wanted. Mia Samonte is getting tired of her forlorn life. She is back in Manila for the holidays after working hard for two years as a front desk officer in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. With the hopes of getting the chance to finally have a break her family gets into another crisis that leaves her hopeless and fated. Two individuals with seemingly predestined lives suddenly find their paths crossing on a ferry boat ride that will change the course of their journeys forever.
40989 Earth teems with a staggering variety of animals including 9000 kinds of birds 28000 types of fish and more than 350000 species of beetles. What explains this explosion of living creatures—1.4 million different species discovered so far with perhaps another 50 million to go? The source of life's endless forms was a profound mystery until Charles Darwin brought forth his revolutionary idea of natural selection. But Darwin's radical insights raised as many questions as they answered. What actually drives evolution and turns one species into another? To what degree do different animals rely on the same genetic toolkit? And how did we evolve?
"41124 Last year Porcupine Tree released their latest album The Incident. The album marked another step forward in the incredible journey of the band from a solo studio project created by Steven Wilson in the late eighties to a Grammy nominated act and one of the world's most revered live bands currently selling out arenas across the globe and wowing fans with their incredible performances. ""Anesthetize"" is a DVD which captures the power of the band's live show. Recorded on multi-cameras over two nights at 013 venue in Tilburg Holland in October 2008 the concerts featured tracks from throughout the band's career. ""Anesthetize"" collects the highlights from the two shows. It is only the band's second ever DVD release."
41144 Jake Taylor has everything. He has a beautiful girl he's the champion in basketball and beer pong and everyone loves him. Then an old childhood friend of his commits suicide. Jake wonders what he could've done to save his friend's life. A youth minister tells him that Jake needs God. So Jake becomes a Christian. However things begin to spin out of control. Jake is going to realize just what it means to be a Christian and how to save a life.
41154 Agents J and K are back...in time. J has seen some inexplicable things in his 15 years with the Men in Black but nothing not even aliens perplexes him as much as his wry reticent partner. But when K's life and the fate of the planet are put at stake Agent J will have to travel back in time to put things right. J discovers that there are secrets to the universe that K never told him - secrets that will reveal themselves as he teams up with the young Agent K to save his partner the agency and the future of humankind.
41156 Through unprecedented backstage access and candid interviews the film weaves through the absurd world of the working comedian and reveals a crazy and hilarious psychological profile of its practitioners. We also follow retired comic Ritch Shydner's attempt to climb back on stage after a thirteen-year hiatus. At the top of his game in the 1980's Shydner had HBO specials shot five pilot TV shows and numerous late night appearances (Carson Letterman Leno etc.) but the big time eluded him. Equipped with the collective wisdom and nutty musings of over 80 of his peers he gives it another shot. Does Ritch have what it takes to connect with today's young crowds and still get the laughs?
41184 A bus is setting out to Calcutta from a village in West Bengal. Meenakshi Iyer who is from a strict orthodox Hindu background is leaving to Chennai for her husband with her young child after the vacation with her parents. By chance she gets a co-passenger who is also to Chennai Rajah a photographer introduced by one of the friends of her father. During the journey they build a good relationship. But a Hindu-Muslim communal riot sets out in the meantime in some areas they had to travel. Then she comes to face the fact that Rajah is not a Hindu but a Muslim whose real name is Jehangir. Even though she curses herself at that time while some Hindu fanatics evade their bus she saves him introducing as Mr. Iyer. But they have to reach their destination while the other passengers know Rajah as no one else but Mr. Iyer.
41281 The curiously named Moondance Alexander is a spirited teen living with her eccentric mother. She is faced with another uneventful summer until she discovers a lost pinto pony named Checkers who has jumped out of his paddock. Although Moondance returns the horse to his rightful owner the gruff and mysterious Dante Longpre she is convinced that Checkers is a champion jumper in disguise and is determined to help him realize his full potential. Moondance manages to talk Dante into training her and Checkers for the Bow Valley Classic and despite the criticism of her peers; discovers that perseverance loyalty and individuality can land you in the winner's circle.
41386 Equal parts punk and psychedelia the Flaming Lips emerged from Oklahoma City as one of the most bracing bands of the late 1980s. The Fearless Freaks documents their rise from Butthole Surfers-imitating noisemakers to grand poobahs of orchestral pop masterpieces. Filmmaker Bradley Beesely had the good fortune of living in the same neighborhood as lead Lip Wayne Coyne who quickly enlisted his buddy to document his band's many concerts and assorted exploits. The early footage is a riot with tragic hair styles on proud display as the boys attempt to cover up their lack of natural talent with sheer volume. During one show they even have a friend bring a motorcycle on stage which is then miked for sound and revved throughout the performance clearing the club with toxic levels of carbon monoxide. Great punk rock stuff. Interspersed among the live bits are interviews with the band's family and friends revealing the often tragic circumstances of their childhoods and early career.
41496 Jon Katz is close to burnout. He's a writer with writer's block; his wife has left for her sister's because he's emotionally distant; he rarely answers his phone. A kennel sends him a border collie that's undisciplined because of abuse. Despite a series of mishaps Jon decides to keep trying with the dog and he rents a dilapidated farm house to give the dog room to run. A local handyman refers Jon to a woman who might be able to help him train the dog. Reluctantly Jon gives her a try. Is the dog the problem or the owner?
"41605 A small film crew tracks three extreme runners across the Sahara desert capturing their incredible journey on camera recording this landmark moment in athleticism in humanitarianism and in history. The ""Running the Sahara"" expedition is a documentary film narrated by Academy Award™-winner Matt Damon and directed by Academy Award™-winner James Moll. The ""Running the Sahara"" documentary explores the physical and emotional impact of this tremendous test of strength and determination. The film's narrative follows the runners on their quest each step toward the finish line building in great anticipation of answering the question: Can this amazing human feat truly be possible?"
41616 In the early 1980s an FBI Agent is assigned to investigate the murder of a respected professor. Through his investigation he unearths a spider web of international secrets that has been thriving within college campuses across America for decades. His investigation takes him across the Pacific to the island nation of Taiwan where with the help of the outspoken widow and an unlikely spy he learns that the Professor's killing was not a random act but a desperate move by a scandalous government intent on keeping its nefarious activities under wraps. Our detective soon finds himself on a collision course against the U.S. State Department the Chinese Mafia and the Nationalist Chinese Government - in a land where the truth is not what it seems and the only people he can trust cannot be trusted at all. Inspired by actual events.
41617 Made to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Mozart's birth IN SEARCH OF MOZART is the first feature-length documentary on Mozart's life. Produced with the world's leading orchestras and musicians told through a 25000 mile journey along every route Mozart followed this detective story takes us to the heart of genius. Throughout it is the music that takes center stage with the jigsaw of Mozart's life fitting around it. With rigorous analysis from musicologists and experts such as Jonathan Miller Cliff Eisen Nicholas Till Bayan Northcott and the late Stanley Sadie a new vivid impression of the composer emerges. It dispels the many common myths about Mozart's genius health relationships death and character to present a new image very different from Milos Forman's 'Amadeus'.
41639 Magic &amp; Bird: A Courtship of Rivals is a 2010 television documentary film broadcast on HBO. The film chronicles the rivalry between Magic Johnson and Larry Bird that begin with the 1979 NCAA Basketball Championship Game and lasted throughout their lengthy Hall of Fame careers in the NBA. The film makes an argument that without the massive media attention that was placed on the rivalry that Magic and Bird had the NBA might not have made through the 1980s following the merger with the ABA among other things.
41712 Sometimes the true heroes in our lives are those people who inspire us not with their superhuman accomplishments but simply by their refusal to give up in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds and the dignity in which they go about their lives. Bill Porter is one of those heroes. Born with cerebral palsy he was told for many years that he was unemployable. But with the unwavering support of a dedicated mother and an indomitable spirit that has become his trademark Porter did support himself as a door-to-door salesman in Portland Ore.
41756 First of all the title does not refer to someone sentenced to jail. It is a movie about 6 lifetime friends who are all hitting the big `3-0' together during the same year. Each one looks inside themselves to see where has my life gone and what am I going to do with my future. Actually what I saw was a black Seinfeld comedy. Tracy Morgan who is one of the main characters is a struggling comedian just like Jerry Seinfeld. He gives his opinion of what women want in a man in one of his comedy routines. Melissa De Sousa is looking for a man before time runs out. She is just like Elaine in Seinfeld. I don't remember the big problem with turning thirty however all the characters in this movie can show you what they are such as not having fame riches a husband a thin body and staying young. Their life stories are probably repeated many times around the world.
"41815 This Divided State follows the controversy surrounding Utah Valley State College's invitation to liberal filmmaker Michael Moore to speak on campus. Though UVSC is located in one of the most conservative counties in the United States vehement opposition to Moore's visit was much greater than anticipated. Equally surprising however was the overwhelming support for Moore vocalized by students and community members previously considered ""apathetic."" Debate between Moore supporters and Moore protestors raged openly in the media and public forums. Death threats hate mail bribes and lawsuits were all candidly captured on film."
42171 Based in a London suburb Mahmud Nasir lives with his wife Saamiya and two children Rashid and Nabi. His son plans to marry Uzma the step-daughter of Egyptian-born Arshad Al-Masri a so-called 'Hate Cleric' from Waziristan Pakistan. Mahmud who is not exactly a devout Muslim he drinks alcohol and does not pray five times but does agree that he will appease Arshad without whose approval the marriage cannot take place. Shortly thereafter Mahmud while going over his recently deceased mother's documents will find out that he was adopted his birth parents were Jewish and his name is actually Solly Shimshillewitz.
42291 This documentary for PBS by award-winning filmmaker David Grubin and narrated by Richard Gere tells the story of the Buddha’s life a journey especially relevant to our own bewildering times of violent change and spiritual confusion. It features the work of some of the world’s greatest artists and sculptors who across two millennia have depicted the Buddha’s life in art rich in beauty and complexity. Hear insights into the ancient narrative by contemporary Buddhists including Pulitzer Prize winning poet W.S. Merwin and His Holiness the Dalai Lama. Join the conversation and learn more about meditation the history of Buddhism and how to incorporate the Buddha’s teachings on compassion and mindfulness into daily life.
42296 Nev a 24-year-old New York-based photographer has no idea what he's in for when Abby an eight-year-old girl from rural Michigan contacts him on Facebook seeking permission to paint one of his photographs. When he receives her remarkable painting Nev begins a friendship and correspondence with Abby's family. But things really get interesting when he develops a cyber-romance with Abby's attractive older sister Megan a musician and model. Prompted by some startling revelations about Megan Nev and his buddies embark on a road trip in search of the truth.
"42313 Get ready for a magical fun-filled journey of adventure fantasy and friendship! Tom Sawyer and his best buddy Huck Finn love going fishing daydreaming about pirates and stolen gold and thinking about Becky Thatcher - the pretty new girl at school. But when these pals set out on a quest for buried treasure they end up face to face with the town's most ""grizzly"" bear Injurin' Joe. Giving Joe the slip they find themselves in the middle of a fantastic adventure that takes them from the mighty Mississippi to the mysterious caverns of a secret hideout where they discover fun excitement... and a fortune beyond their wildest dreams! Featuring the voices of Don Knotts Betty White and country music superstars Rhett Akins Mark Wills Lee Ann Womack Hank Williams Jr. and more Tom Sawyer is an enchanting music-filled family adventure."
42550 Somewhere in the middle of Texas Ameet (Sunil Malhotra) and Saima (Lisa Ray) have a problem. They were perfectly happy avoiding each other until their parents set them up to get married. The reluctant couple decide to do whatever it takes to break off the engagement. After some very embarrassing efforts they finally succeed in getting their parents to call off the wedding only to realize they have another problem they're in love! Meanwhile Saima's father (Asrani) deciding that she's passed her expiration date promises her to Ashol (Ismail Bashey)- a sleazy playboy.
"42670 Scientists from the mid-nineteenth century have searched for the fossil remains of the ""missing link"" in evolution - the half-man half-ape that would explain where mankind came from. But over the last century and a half it has been the idea of what a missing link is that has evolved. The history of this scientific quest - peopled with fanatics frauds amateurs professionals the lucky the unlucky the unfairly neglected and the undeservedly praised - is the subject of this documentary. Reenactments depict scientists making their discoveries and then stretch back hundreds of thousands even millions of years to depict the typical lives of our human and human-like ancestors. Interviews with leading scientists fill in the details."
42898 1. Elevation 2. Beautiful Day 3. Until The End Of The World 4. Stuck In A Moment You Can't Get Out Of 5. Kite 6. Gone 7. New York 8. I Will Follow 9. Sunday Bloody Sunday 10. In A Little While 11. Desire 12. Stay (Faraway So Close!) 13. Bad 14. Where The Streets Have No Name 15. Bullet The Blue Sky 16. With Or Without You 17. The Fly 18. Wake Up Dead Man 19. Walk On  Elevation 2001: Live From Boston captures the band's return to performing to indoor venues making for a more intimate experience. The band had played mostly large outdoor stadiums over the previous decade on their Zoo TV and PopMart Tours. The film also showcases a more simplified strip-downed stage design free of the elaborate technologies of the previous two tours.
43086 Jeff Lucas is already an outcast but when he makes a horror film instead of a documentary for a class project the ridicule his classmates inflict upon him soon turns to outright abuse. After being forced into an auto race with one of his more sadistic classmates Jeff's car careens over a cliff and the troubled student is presumed to be dead. When a new family moves into the home previously inhabited by Jeff and his family a series of bizarre occurrences lead the family's high-school-age son to believe that Jeff has returned to inflict revenge upon those who wronged him in life.
43219 Growing up in the Mission district of San Francisco Che Rivera has always had to be tough to survive. He's a powerful man respected throughout the Mission barrio for his masculinity and his strength as well as for his hobby building beautiful lowrider cars. A reformed inmate and recovering alcoholic Che has worked hard to redeem his life and do right by his pride and joy: his only son Jes whom he has raised on his own after the death of his wife. Che's path to redemption is tested however when he discovers Jes is gay. To survive his neighborhood Che has always lived with his fists. To survive as a complete man he'll have to embrace a side of himself he's never shown.
43699 It is approaching an election in the UK when the leader of the Labour party John Smith suffers another in a line of heart attacks and dies. With the leadership campaign about to start the clear choice appears to be Gordon Brown a stanch Scotsman. However Tony Blair is also beginning to appear more likely as he will appeal to Southern voters who would be turned off by Brown. Blair rings Brown to arrange a meeting to discuss which will go for the job. The film flashbacks to the start of their relationship sharing an office in Westminster on their first seats.
43731 After Tom Hurndall is shot in the head in Gaza his parents Anthony and Jocelyn arrive in Israel wanting to know how it could have happened. They expect sympathy and cooperation from the Israeli authorities but are instead met with an official explanation that fails to tally with any eye-witness accounts and a wall of silence. When an Israeli army report attempts to whitewash the incident the Hurndalls decide the only way to establish the truth is to launch their own investigation into the shooting a process which brings them face to face with both the Open-Fire regulations of the Israeli army in Gaza and the soldier who pulled the trigger.
"43734 Executive Producer Sean Penn presents ""Witch Hunt"" a gripping indictment of the American justice system told through the lens of one small town. Voters in Bakersfield California elected a tough on crime district attorney into office for more than 25 years. During his tenure he convicted dozens of innocent working class moms and dads. They went to prison some for decades before being exonerated. He remains in office today. This story on a micro level mirrors what the US has experienced over the last eight years. When power is allowed to exist without oversight civil rights are in jeopardy."
43756 Caleb is 27 and was raised in the majestic Kootenays by his bush hippie parents. He loves his father Jim and understands his reverence for wood working coriander and Soya products but he just doesn't get Jim's determined effort to achieve economic disaster at every turn. His father is a relentlessly unsuccessful business man and as the junior partner in their carpentry shop Caleb is powerless to stop the fiscal self sabotage. When Matthew an old friend of Jim's arrives in the valley to develop a high-end fishing lodge Caleb sees fortune looming provided he can keep his father distracted long enough. But a small deception leads to colossal betrayal and soon Caleb must face the fact that he's reached that treasured day when a boy becomes man enough to tell his father get lost.
"43817 Deep in the heart of the Appalachian Mountains in West Virginia where every man owns a gun and a moonshine still abides living legend Jesco White ""the dancing outlaw"". As a boy Jesco was in and out of reform school and the insane asylum. To keep him out of trouble his daddy D-Ray taught him the art of mountain dancing a frenzied version of tap dancing to wild country banjo music. After his father's death crazy Jesco dons his father's tap shoes and takes his show on the road."
"43933 Six years ago NASA discovered the possibility of alien life within our solar system. A probe was launched to collect samples but crashed upon re-entry over Central America. Soon after new life forms began to appear and half of Mexico was quarantined as an infected zone. Today the American and Mexican military still struggle to contain ""the creatures"" while a journalist agrees to escort a shaken tourist through the infected zone in Mexico to the safety of the U.S. border."
43939 I'm Still Here is a portrayal of a tumultuous year in the life of actor Joaquin Phoenix. With remarkable access the film follows the Oscar-nominee as he announces his retirement from a successful film career in the fall of 2008 and sets off to reinvent himself as a hip-hop musician. The film is a portrait of an artist at a crossroads and explores notions of courage and creative reinvention as well as the ramifications of a life spent in the public eye.
44053 During the winter of 1975 in Hawaii surfing was shaken to its core. A group of young surfers from Australia and South Africa sacrificed everything and put it all on the line to create a sport a culture and an industry that is today worth billions of dollars and has captured the imagination of the world. With a radical new approach and a brash colonial attitude these surfers crashed headlong into a culture that was not ready for revolution. Surfing was never to be the same again.
44054 The film follows the travels and accounts of Mark Chapman (Jonas Ball) and gives the watcher an insight into his mind. It starts with him in Hawaii and how he does not fit in with anyone including his job; family; friends etc. He says he is searching for a purpose in his life and that it has no direction. He seeks refuge in the public library where he finds the book 'The Catcher in the Rye'. He becomes obsessed with the book and believes that he himself is the protaganist in the book Holden Caulfield. He believes the ideas in the book reflect his own personal life and how he does not fit in anywhere and he reads it constantly. He then finds another book in the library about The Beatles singer John Lennon and begins a personal hatred for him.
"44095 On a trip around the world every day feels like Saturday. A Map For Saturday reveals a world of long-term solo travel through the stories of trekkers in 20 countries on four continents. The documentary finds backpackers helping neglected Thai tsunami victims. It explains why Nepal's guesthouses are empty and Brazil's stoplights are ignored. But at it's core A Map For Saturday tracks the emotional arc of extreme long-term travelers; teenagers and senior citizens who wondered ""What would it be like to travel the world?"" Then did it."
"44131 Our story begins in 1979 with a chance meeting in a Salt Lake City parking lot where filmmaker Trent Harris is approached by an earnest small-town dreamer from Beaver Utah. Harris jumps at the chance when the young man invites him to come to the small town to film a talent show. At the show the man dons a blond wig and performs in drag as Olivia Newton John. Harris captures it all on tape: A portrait of a true outsider. Harris shot a dramatic piece ""Beaver Kid 2"" based on the documentary; This interpretation of the story made in 1981 on a home video camera with a budget of $100 features a young Sean Penn as ""the Beaver Kid"". Still possessed Harris then rewrote the script cast up-and-comer Crispin Glover in the lead and created the final segment ""The Orkly Kid"" with funding from the American Film Institute. The trilogy unveils the inner world of a fantastic character in three incarnations."
44143 Elizar Perla is a recently retired cat burglar who has succumbed to the temptation of one final score. The target is David Gray famous for his collection of art and other rarities. Soon after the job Elizar disappears leaving his daughter Marty (Gina Gershon) distraught. Desperate Gray approaches Marty suggesting that her father will turn up as soon as the stolen artwork is recovered. She begrudgingly accepts the offer to help him locate the art but all is not as it seems as the rarest of stolen pieces has value beyond ordinary currency. Written by Peace Arch
44202 A physician who helps his clients bring new life into the world is accused of an ethical breach that's also criminal in this independent drama. Dr. Freeman (Colm Feore) is a doctor who runs an upscale fertility clinic in Las Vegas Nevada. Freeman specializes in helping women who have had trouble getting pregnant conceive usually through artificial insemination techniques or transplanting donated eggs into his patients. Over the course of several weeks Freeman inseminates nine women from different walks of life eight become pregnant and give birth to healthy children but when the new mothers compare notes they discover their children bear a striking resemblance to one another...
44244 Mitchie can't wait to go back to Camp Rock and spend the summer making new music with her friends and superstar Shane Gray. But the slick new camp across the lake Camp Star has drummed up some serious competition – featuring newcomers Luke and Dana. In a sensational battle of the bands with Camp Rock's future at stake will Camp Star's flashy production and over-the-top antics win out or will Camp Rockers prove that music teamwork and spirit are what truly matter?
"44488 An adaptation of the classic ""The Prince and the Pauper"" is the retelling of Edward Tudor and young Thomas Canty two amazing look-alikes caught up in imperial intrigue and scandal. In fleeing from his violent father Tom stumbles into the palace courtyard and is seen by young Prince Edward who takes him in. Each desiring to see what the other's life is like the boys impulsively switch identities... little knowing what disaster lies ahead at this fault of thought. And soon Thomas becomes a pawn in the hands of Edward's malicious and greedy uncle who would have the kingdom for himself."
"44507 Teenage Claire would rather hang out with her friends at the mall than to stay home with her brother Matt while Grandma babysits. Who wouldn't? Unfortunately Grandma isn't about to let Claire out of the house. Worse she insists that Claire and Matt listen to her reworking of the Brothers Grimm classic tale ""Little Red Riding Hood"". Fortunately Grandma has a sense of humor and adds some modern twists. Claire imagines herself as Red and her brother parents and grandma as....her brother parents and grandma."
44582 Based on a True Story War Eagle Arkansas is a character-driven drama about a young man’s choice of whether to leave his family and friends for a career in baseball or stay and redeem his struggling community. The story takes place over a few pivotal weeks in the summer after Enoch Cass’s senior year and is set against the backdrop of Arkansas’ beautiful Ozark Mountains. War Eagle Arkansas poses important questions that face all young people in rural America. The answers we find could touch us all.
44665 The Book of Ruth is a triumphant love story in the face of adversity. This selfless journey of love and devotion is seen through the eyes of a young widow. Choosing to leave her homeland of Moab she follows her mother-in-law Naomi to Israel after the death of her husband. Upon reaching Bethlehem she meets and marries a man named Boaz who is of the Royal House of Judah. This chain of seemingly unrelated events sets the stage for the future kings of the nation of Israel and the glorious coming of the Messiah. A Biblical Cinderella story from the archives of the royal Jewish bloodline this story reveals the redemption of their inheritance through the child Obed who was the grandfather of King David.
44680 A MODERN MEDIEVAL SAGA The Wild Hunt tells the story of Erik Magnusson a young man who decides to follow his estranged girlfriend Evelyn into a medieval re-enactment game when he discovers that she has been seduced by one of the players.  As the down-to-earth Erik treks deeper into the game in search of his love he inadvertently disrupts the delicate balance of the make believe fantasy-land.  Passions are unleashed. Rules are broken. Reality and fantasy collide. The good-hearted game turns into a tragedy of mythic proportion...  Capturing the culture of costume play and the potentially dangerous intersection of real and made-up worlds The Wild Hunt is a timely and potent comment on the consuming nature of adopting another identity even within a game and the modern yearning for ritual.
"44761 Alfred Carlton Gilbert invented the Erector Set and is trying to get it onto the toy shelves of the country. A.C. is startled to be summoned to the White House where top officials ask him to convert the toy factory into a weapons manufacturing company for the duration of the war. ""No"" is really not an option for fear of being labeled unpatriotic so the switch is made. Later government officials ask A.C. to be their spokesman for a campaign to avoid ""toy giving"" for the coming holidays and buy war bonds instead. With a young son himself who looks forward to Christmas like any other child what will A.C. do this time?"
"44784 A movie about making movies about making movies. In 1968 William Greaves shot several pairs of actors in a scene in which a woman confronts her husband and ends their relationship. In ""Take 2 1/2"" Greaves starts with 1968 takes of one of these pairs of actors plus footage of the crew discussing the film's progress. Then 35 years later Greaves brings back to Central Park those actors and some of the original crew (plus others) to film a reunion of the characters Alice and Freddie. We watch scenes of these characters and discussions among the actors and crew. Greaves explores and dramatizes the dialectic in the creative process."
44826 Orphaned and alone except for an uncle Hugo Cabret lives in the walls of a train station in 1930s Paris. Hugo's job is to oil and maintain the station's clocks but to him his more important task is to protect a broken automaton and notebook left to him by his late father. Accompanied by the goddaughter of an embittered toy merchant Hugo embarks on a quest to solve the mystery of the automaton and find a place he can call home.
44843 Not since ‘99 have Manchester United fans witnessed a season like this one. Entertaining as no other team can the Reds produced some stunning sublime football scoring goals for fun to secure their 17th League title on a tension-filled final day at Wigan before travelling to Moscow for a night of the highest drama imaginable to complete an incredible double. In a nail-biting hearts in mouths finale with United just one penalty kick away from defeat their prayers were answered. Just one more slip was needed for Fergie’s brave warriors to take advantage and capture the European Cup for a third time and fittingly almost as destiny decreed 50 years on from when the English pioneers of European football suffered the terrible tragedy of Munich.
44853 A prospector sells his wife and daughter to another gold miner for the rights to a gold mine. Twenty years later the prospector is a wealthy man who owns much of the old west town named Kingdom Come. But changes are brewing and his past is coming back to haunt him. A surveyor and his crew scouts the town as a location for a new railroad line and a young woman suddenly appears in the town and is evidently the man's daughter.
44900 Sweet and savvy talking golden retriever Bailey is one doggone lucky pooch when his devoted owner Constance Pennington leaves him her entire billion-dollar fortune. Bailey is lucky that is until he becomes the target of an elaborately-designed dognap scheme hatched by Constance's nasty nephew Caspar and his money-hungry wife Dolores. The despicable duo's wicked plan is to ultimately gain custody of the canine so they can get their greedy paws on his inheritance. Unfortunately for them there's a thing or two they don't know about Bailey. Not only does he have great street smarts he has great pals too. Bailey's loyal guardian Ted kind-hearted animal advocate Marge her daughter Sam and a clever border collie named Tessa set out on a hilarious madcap adventure to free their four-legged friend and put the nasty dognappers out of business-for good!
45094 When Betty Anne Waters' older brother Kenny is arrested for murder and sentenced to life in 1983 Betty Anne a Massachusetts wife and mother of two dedicates her life to overturning the murder conviction. Convinced that her brother is innocent Betty Anne puts herself through high school college and finally law school in an 18 year quest to free Kenny. With the help of best friend Abra Rice Betty Anne pores through suspicious evidence mounted by small town cop Nancy Taylor meticulously retracing the steps that led to Kenny's arrest. Belief in her brother - and her quest for the truth - pushes Betty Anne and her team to uncover the facts and utilize DNA evidence with the hope of exonerating Kenny.
"45119 Falling victim to a glib con artist named Michael (Stewart Bick) Texas housewife Diane (Peta Wilson) loses all her money a disaster that drives her husband Randal (Anthony Lemke) to suicide. Unable to get justice through the official channels Diane mounts her own plan of revenge. This involves assuming a new identity trading in her blonde tresses for a redheaded ""do"" moving to a small town and systematically seducing the man who ruined her life. One of six ""no frills"" TV movies produced in Canada for the Lifetime cable network at a flat cost of 2 million each"
45269 The King's Speech tells the story of the man who became King George VI the father of Queen Elizabeth II. After his brother abdicates George ('Bertie') reluctantly assumes the throne. Plagued by a dreaded stutter and considered unfit to be king Bertie engages the help of an unorthodox speech therapist named Lionel Logue. Through a set of unexpected techniques and as a result of an unlikely friendship Bertie is able to find his voice and boldly lead the country into war.
45370 In March of 2010 Megadeth hit the road in celebration of the 20th anniversary of their classic 1990 album Rust In Peace. The show was filmed on the last night of the tour at the legendary Hollywood Palladium not far from where Megadeth was formed in 1983. The band played Rust In Peace in its entirety including all-time classics Holy Wars...The Punishment Due and Hangar 18. The set list also featured several other fan favorites including Trust Symphony Of Destruction and Peace Sells.
45374 Before the Premier League and multi-million pound salaries in England 'football' was a dirty word. The game was in disgrace the fans hooligans the nation it seemed were all played out. Then there was Italia '90 - The World Cup - a shot at redemption. But this was no ordinary World Cup and no ordinary time. The manager Sir Bobby Robson was under intense media scrutiny and his team described as 'donkeys'. Yet over six short weeks through their heroic exploits they united a nation coming within a heart beat of reaching the World Cup Final. Narrated by Gary Oldman featuring match action - from Platt's last-gasp winner against Belgium to the silky skills of Gazza and the cool finishing of Lineker - and previously unseen footage this is the definitive story of England's greatest footballing adventure on foreign soil... so far.
45780 Based on the real-life experiences of Mende Nazer the story unfolds as twelve-year-old Malia daughter of champion wrestler Bah is abducted from her Sudanese village in the Nubar Mountains by pro-government Arab militia and sold into slavery to a woman in Khartoum who beats her for touching her daughter. After six years she is sent to London where her name is changed but her miserable life of servitude continues. Her passport is taken and she is told that her father will die if she goes to the authorities. Fortunately she meets a sympathetic person who seems to offer her the hope of escape and reunion with Bah back in Sudan. For all the film's optimism an end title states that there are around 5000 'slave' workers currently in Britain.
45805 01. Intro Alicia's Prayer (A Capella) [1:11]  02. Karma [2:10]  03. Heartburn [3:03]  04. A Woman's Worth [3:30]  05. Unbreakable [4:34]  06. How Come You Don't Call Me [5:23]  07. If I Was Your Woman [4:04]  08. If I Ain't Got You [4:06]  09. Every Little Bit Hurts [4:01]  10. Streets Of New York (City Life) [7:35]  11. Wild Horses (Featuring Adam Levine) [6:04]  12. Diary [5:33]  13. You Don't Know My Name [3:35]  14. Stolen Moments [5:14]  15. Fallin' [5:10]  16. Love It Or Leave It Alone (Featuring Mos Def and Common)/Welcome To Jamrock (Featuring Damian Marley Mos Def Common and friends) [9:20]
45806 Alone in her empty flat from her window Anne observes the people passing by who nervously snatch up the personal belongings and pieces of furniture she has put out on the pavement. Her final gesture of taking a ring off her finger signals she is leaving her previous life in Holland behind. She goes to Ireland where she chooses to lead a solitary wandering existence striding through the austere landscapes of Connemara. During her travels she discovers a house that is home to a hermit Martin.
"46105 American: The Bill Hicks Story is a biographical documentary film on the life of comedian Bill Hicks. The film was produced by Matt Harlock and Paul Thomas and features archival footage and interviews with family and friends including Kevin Booth. The filmmakers used a cut-and-paste animation technique to add movement to a large collection of still pictures used to document events in Hicks' life. The film made its North American premiere at the 2010 South by Southwest Film Festival. The film was nominated for a 2010 Grierson British Documentary Award for the ""Most Entertaining Documentary"" category. It was also nominated for Best Graphics and Animation category in the 2011 Cinema Eye Awards. Awards won include The Dallas Film Festivals Texas Filmmaker Award at Little Rock The Oxford American's Best Southern Film Award and Best Documentary at the Downtown LA Film Festival. On Rotten Tomatoes 81% of the first 47 reviews counted were rated positive."
"46176 Sade fans may experience a range of emotions while watching the first-rate Lovers Live but one thing they won't feel is shortchanged--not with nearly two hours of concert footage 22 songs (including almost all of her Lovers Rock album) and DVD bonus features galore. That sultry soulful Sade sound is in full effect throughout the concert (filmed at two Southern California locations in 2001) brought to life by a capable band some superbly evocative visuals and sound effects and of course the singer herself. The show is dramatic but never overly theatrical; best of all Sade while perhaps not the world's greatest performer is an adult--you'll find no pop-princess posing here. Of the nine songs from Lovers Rock ""Slave Song"" and ""Immigrant"" are especially moving revealing that Sade added some new flavors to her sound during her protracted layoff from performing. This show is pure Sade--and that's a good thing."
46195 Captured by smugglers when he was just a hatchling a macaw named Blu never learned to fly and lives a happily domesticated life in Minnesota with his human friend Linda. Blu is thought to be the last of his kind but when word comes that Jewel a lone female lives in Rio de Janeiro Blu and Linda go to meet her. Animal smugglers kidnap Blu and Jewel but the pair soon escape and begin a perilous adventure back to freedom -- and Linda.
46197 According to the legend of the Shangaan white lions are the messengers of the gods but it has been years since one has been seen in their remote African valley. When a white lion is miraculously born into that valley a young Shangaan named Gisani finds himself destined to protect this rare and magnificent creature at all costs. This young lion whom will be known as Letsatsi is cast from his pride and forced to embark upon a perilous journey of survival.
46228 Love That Boy is the story of Phoebe a socially inept overachiever unrecognized in a world run by C students. Phoebe’s life is totally dominated by her “To Do Before Graduation” list. When Phoebe’s best friend Robyn dumps Phoebe two weeks before college graduation Robyn points out that Phoebe’s list is missing one essential thing - a boyfriend. Not wanting to be alone at graduation the most important day of her life Phoebe begins an ill-fated quest to find a boyfriend. After the demise of her first relationship - her “boyfriend” didn’t even know that they were going out - Phoebe inadvertently falls in love. The only problem is he’s fourteen.
46252 In the midst of a midlife crisis of faith a man finds hope where he least expects it – his hometown. James Moore (Golden Globe nominee Corbin Bernsen) is a former pastor who returns home to discover a family new to the area has been killed in a mysterious fire and his childhood friend is implicated in the murder. Convinced of his friend’s innocence James sets out on a mission to find the truth… and in the process rediscovers his own lost faith. An uplifting drama about faith family and the powerful ties that bind a community together.
46390 Life on the Rock never seemed easy but for Mitsy it is especially rough. The teenager has been abandoned by her mother a particularly unfit parent prone to both the bottle and the sex trade. She is left to be brought up by her mercurial grandmother Bride who is well-meaning but oppressively suffocating. Mitsy's dreams for the future hinge on her desire to be a hairdresser but her current emotional well-being revolves around a wee dog named Sparky an unwanted canine misfit to whom she becomes hopelessly attached. After Bride agrees to let Mitsy take the dog in as a pet the teen tries desperately to create a happy safe place for Sparky to thrive.
46529 A teenage fugitive with an incredible secret races to stay one step ahead of the mysterious forces seeking destroy him in this sci-fi action thriller. With three dead and one on the run the race to find the elusive Number Four begins. Outwardly normal teen John Smith never gets too comfortable in the same identity and along with his guardian Henri he is constantly moving from town to town. With each passing day John gains a stronger grasp on his extraordinary new powers and his bond to the beings that share his fantastic fate grows stronger.
46584 Leon Bronstein is not your average Montreal West high school student. For one thing none of his peers can claim to be the reincarnation of early 20th century Soviet iconoclast and Red Army hero Leon Trotsky. When his father sends Leon to public school as punishment for starting a hunger strike at Papa's clothing factory Leon quickly lends new meaning to the term 'student union' determined as he is to live out his pre-ordained destiny to the fullest and change the world.
46644 Money in the Bank (2011) was a PPV presented by Skittles which took place on July 17 2011 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont Illinois. It was the second annual Money in the Bank PPV.  The main event featured john Cena defending the WWE Championship against CM Punk with the stipulation that if Punk won Cena would be fired. This was due to CM Punk's contract being up the next night and he was threatening to win the title and leave the company with it.  On the undercard Christian faced Randy Orton for the World Heavyweight Championship with the stipulation that the title could change hands in the event of a disqualification. Also featured were the Raw and SmackDown Money in the Bank ladder matches.
46735 Fifteen deaf patients took part in an experimental clinical trail aimed at hearing restoration. Within days fourteen of the fifteen participants in the trial become violently psychotic ultimately taking their lives to stop violent side effects brought on by the treatment. This is the story of the sole survivor of the experiment Patient #14 - Liza Raines who participation in the experiment gave her super-normal hearing abilities - particularly the ability to hear the frequency emitted by the brain when it thinks. When her life is suddenly thrown into jeopardy Liza is forced to use her ability against those set on covering up the fact that she even existed
46849 Alyssa is a troubled 14-year old suspended from school a year after her mother has drowned. Her grandmother Lucy at wit's end decides to take Alyssa to her father James whom Alyssa thought was dead for years. He studies dolphin communication at Smith's Point on the Grand Bahama Island. James has not known of Alyssa's existence and is clueless about parenthood. The women arrive at the same time that James may lose his research operation to a tourist attraction. Father daughter dolphins and town are on a collision course. Alyssa and James get encouragement from James's girlfriend and her father. It's the dolphins who can teach and Alyssa who discovers how to listen.
46871 Eve is a precocious nine year-old girl with a wild imagination growing up in a traditional Chinese immigrant family in Vancouver where Confucian doctrines superstitious obsessions and divine visions abound. When Buddhism and Catholicism are thrown into the mix life for Eve and her 11-year-old prim and authoritative sister Karena escalates into a fantasia of catastrophe sainthood and cultural confusion. The journey of a young girl and her sister striving to grow up in world where childhood is lonely and the world is full of wonder.
46887 Samuel Browne is a tracker in Alaska. When his sister meets a grisly death in San Francisco he goes there to hunt her killer. As more murders occur police investigator Buckley Clarke reluctantly joins forces with Sam. The brass are convinced this is a serial killer choosing victims at random but Sam and Buckley discover a pattern involving health personnel who work in neonatal intensive care. Doctors aren't supposed to play god but someone's decision years before has driven a killer over the brink. Can they find him?
47203 Hoping to entrap Maria von Gall who runs a courageous underground railroad for Jews in France the Nazis kidnap her son Thomas a brilliant 11-year-old chess master. An exchange arrangement goes awry and he sees her die in a hail of bullets; but he is rescued by his American father whom he has never met before and who plans to flee with him to Spain. However Queen Maria had solemnly entrusted her little pawn Thomas with a precious secret and a terrifying mission and it was time for him to move. A pawn may become an important piece by slowly quietly advancing all the way through the enemy's ranks. Or a pawn may die trying. Retreat is what a pawn can never do.
47208 Freedom Song (2000) is a made-for-TV film based on true stories of the Civil Rights Movement in Mississippi in the 1960s. It tells the story of the struggle of African Americans to register to vote in the fictional town of Quinlan. In the midst of the Freedom Summer a group of high school students in the small town are eager to make grassroots changes in their own community. The young activists meet resistance not only from white southerners but from their parents who have experienced firsthand the violence that can result from speaking out.[1] As high school students band together with the support of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee they make strides in registering African-American voters and gaining awareness for their cause.
47218 Captures a generational moment - young people on the cusp of truly growing up tiring of their reflexive cynicism each in their own ways struggling to connect and define what it means to love and be loved. Six New Yorkers juggle love friendship and the keenly challenging specter of adulthood. Sam Wexler is a struggling writer who's having a particularly bad day. When a young boy gets separated from his family on the subway Sam makes the questionable decision to bring the child back to his apartment and thus begins a rewarding yet complicated friendship. Sam's life revolves around his friends — Annie whose self-image keeps her from commitment; Charlie and Mary Catherine a couple whose possible move to Los Angeles tests their relationship; and Mississippi a cabaret singer who catches Sam's eye.
47330 TV's Frankie Boyle has declared that no-one over 40 should do stand-up as the old comedians lose their edge and their anger. Stewart Lee is 42 and Frankie's heartless Scottish words have made him wonder if it's worth carrying on. Undaunted the furiously baffled comedian tries to win round the legendarily harsh Glasgow audience with a crowd-pleasing Mcintyre-style routine about coffee shops but is distracted by scores of imaginary pirates; he tries to talk about every day middle aged men's concerns but is drawn into a forty minute rant against Top Gear and all it stands for; he attempts to find some common ground with happy childhood memories that he and the audience can share but is instead consumed with loathing and despair as a result of a Magners' Cider advertising campaign.
47369 After his own daughter was killed in Panama in 1994 former CIA agent Calvin Dexter became a private 'specialist' in cases which wouldn't reach justice trough the regular legal channels. Two years later he accepts to find Richard 'Ricky' Edmunds for his pa influential rich businessman Stephen Edmonds. Ricky for a private Canadian war victims charity in Bosnia and went missing. Dexter discovers Ricky was beaten to pulp and drowned for no other crime then helping street boys from the other side by Zoran Zilic and his Serbian paramilitary 'order'. He offers Steven to 'finish the job' as such war criminals don't go to trial. But deputy CIA director Paul Devereaux cares only for a nuclear arms project he wants to use Zilic for. So CIA troubleshooter Frank McBride is ordered to protect him and handle Dexter.
47458 Heaton and Spike are the unlikeliest pair: two loners who have found each other. When Spike commits a terrible crime Heaton decides to stand by him - an act of astonishing almost foolhardy loyalty. There begins a chase across a vast Northern landscape of moors rivers and dark woods the increasingly exhausted fugitives being hunted not by the police but by a posse of farmers intent on revenge. No ordinary chase film This Is Not a Love Song is a love story trapped inside the body of a thriller.
"47491 Mother and daughter - Big Edie and Little Edie Beale - live with six cats in a crumbling house in East Hampton. Little Edie in her 50s who wears scarves and bright colors sings mugs for the camera and talks to Al and David Maysles the filmmakers. Big Edie in her 70s recites poetry comments on her daughter's behavior and sings ""If I Loved You"" in fine voice. She talks in short sentences; her daughter in volumes. The film is episodic: friends visit there's a small fire in the house Little Edie goes to the shore and swims. She talks about the Catholic Church. She's ashamed that local authorities raided the house because of all the cats. She values being different."
47591 After surviving the terrifying outback abduction of her boyfriend Joanne Lees became the victim of a relentless trial by media across two continents. With no body to speak of reported 'sightings' of Peter and revelations Joanne had cheated on her boyfriend the public and media in both Britain and Australia refused to accept Joanne's innocence on face value. This is the story of one young woman's courage in the face of one of the most mysterious crimes in Australian history.
"47813 By the mid-1980s the fabled animation studios of Walt Disney had fallen on hard times. The artists were polarized between newcomers hungry to innovate and old timers not yet ready to relinquish control. These conditions produced a series of box-office flops and pessimistic forecasts: maybe the best days of animation were over. Maybe the public didn't care. Only a miracle or a magic spell could produce a happy ending. Waking Sleeping Beauty is no fairy tale. It's the true story of how Disney regained its magic with a staggering output of hits - ""Little Mermaid"" ""Beauty and the Beast "" ""Aladdin"" ""The Lion King"" and more - over a 10-year period."
"47862 Inspired by a true story this drama is set in 1965 not long after passage of the Civil Rights Act. Despite the Act the African-American citizens of Bogalusa are still treated like third-class citizens their fundamental rights as human beings persistently trampled by the white power structure in general and the local branch of the KKK. The story follows the formation of local black men particularly ex-war veterans who after the struggles become too overbearing organizes the group ""Deacons for defense"" an all-black defense group dedicated to patrolling the black section of town and protecting its residents from the more violent aspects of ""white backlash."""
47980 Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber's Jesus Christ Superstar first exploded onto the West End stage in 1971 and it was clear that the musical world would never be the same again. For the first time ever Jesus Christ Superstar has been specially filmed for video.  Shot at Pinewood Studios this brand new filmed stage version starring Glenn Carter and Rik Mayall captures one of the best score Andrew Lloyd Webber has ever written and is packed with hit songs including 'I Don't Know How To Love Him' 'Gethsemane' and 'Superstar'.
48121 Mondovino (in Italian: World of Wine) is a 2004 documentary film on the impact of globalization on the world's different wine regions written and directed by American film maker Jonathan Nossiter. It was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival and a César Award. The film explores the impact of globalization on the various wine-producing regions and the influence of critics like Robert Parker and consultants like Michel Rolland in defining an international style. It pits the ambitions of large multinational wine producers in particular Robert Mondavi against the small single estate wineries who have traditionally boasted wines with individual character driven by their terroir.
48289 Rachel Singer is a former Mossad agent who tried to capture a notorious Nazi war criminal – the Surgeon of Birkenau – in a secret Israeli mission that ended with his death on the streets of East Berlin. Now 30 years later a man claiming to be the doctor has surfaced and Rachel must return to Eastern Europe to uncover the truth. Overwhelmed by haunting memories of her younger self and her two fellow agents the still-celebrated heroine must relive the trauma of those events and confront the debt she has incurred.
"48373 Danny Foster doesn't have much: an apartment as small as his paychecks no family and a struggling music career. Yet for him ""every day is a great day to be alive"" an attitude he gained from his mother's unwavering optimism during her losing battle with cancer. It's love at first sight when Danny meets Ariana a wealthy girl from Greenwich CT who tragically cannot hear the music she inspires him to write. Ariana hearing impaired since childhood is torn between hanging onto the shelter her controlling mother provides and fighting for a love that if given the chance might just change her life"
"48514 When retired physician Daniel Green (Bill Cobbs Night at the Museum) lifts a 5-ton farm tractor off a boy trapped beneath the enigma of his supernatural strength piques the curiosity of two med students passing through town. Visiting the old doctor at his isolated farmhouse they soon learn his bizarre secret: he has uncovered the key to eternal youth. But sometimes the lust for immortality has deadly consequences. The night takes a twisted turn as the young men discover Dr. Green's ""miracle"" has come with a horrifying price - and a fate far worse than growing old."
48834 A morality tale of xenophobia religious prejudice mob violence poverty and their effect on two children in Liverpool during the Depression. When a shipyard closes Liam and Teresa's dad loses his job. Liam who's about 8 making his first Holy Communion gets a regular dose of fire and brimstone at church. Teresa about 13 has a job as a maid to the Jewish family that owns the closed shipyard. The lady of that house is having an affair and Teresa becomes an accomplice. Liam stutters terribly especially when troubled. Dad comes under the sway of the Fascists who blame cheap Irish labor and Jewish owners. A Molotov cocktail brings things to a head.
48837 MIDNIGHT SON is the story of Jacob a young man confined to a life of isolation due to a rare skin disorder that prevents him from being exposed to sunlight. His world opens up when he meets Mary a local bartender and falls in love. Tragically Jacob’s actions become increasingly bizarre as he struggles to cope with the effects of his worsening condition. Forced by the disease to drink human blood for sustenance he must control his increasingly violent tendencies as local law enforcement narrow their focus on him as a suspect in a series of grisly murders.
48844 In the tradition of disney's classic holiday tales comes a heartwarming movie about the power of giving and the true meaning of christmas. Discover how the legendary friendship of Santa Claus and Santa Paws began in the inspiring original film The Search For Santa Paws. When Santa and his new best friend Paws discover that the boys and girls of the world have lost the spirit of the season they take a trip to New York City. But after Santa loses his memory it's up to Paws a faithful orphan named Quinn her new friend Will and a wonderful group of magical talking dogs to save St. Nick and show the world what Christmas is really all about.
48945 Outrageous and out of control! Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse - it did. 'Out on Bail' is by far Steve-O's most shocking DVD yet loaded with life-threatening stunts and filthy enough to p*** off parents across the US. The fearless Steve-O unleashes his craziest footage yet with a collection of the stunts that have never seen the light of day until now! Filmed in twelve different countries it features all of the wild behavior that got Steve-O arrested plus a whole bunch of other stunts that should have.
49047 Dr. Ryan Stone a brilliant medical engineer on her first Shuttle mission with veteran astronaut Matt Kowalsky in command of his last flight before retiring. But on a seemingly routine spacewalk disaster strikes. The Shuttle is destroyed leaving Stone and Kowalsky completely alone-tethered to nothing but each other and spiraling out into the blackness of space. The deafening silence tells them they have lost any link to Earth and any chance for rescue. As fear turns to panic every gulp of air eats away at what little oxygen is left. But the only way home may be to go further out into the terrifying expanse of space.
49049 In the future America is a dystopian wasteland. The latest scourge is Ma-Ma a prostitute-turned-drug pusher with a dangerous new drug and aims to take over the city. The only possibility of stopping her is an elite group of urban police called Judges who combine the duties of judge jury and executioner to deliver a brutal brand of swift justice. But even the top-ranking Judge Dredd discovers that taking down Ma-Ma isn’t as easy as it seems in this explosive adaptation of the hugely popular comic series.
"49071 Neil Lawrence is sent to a boarding school by his father.  During the first days he meets T.J. who he falls in love with.  After being assigned a paper on Holden Caulfield - the main character in J.D. Salinger's ""The Catcher in the Rye"" - Neil decides to go on a journey to meet Salinger who he feels has played a huge role in his life.  Neil & T.J. take off on a journey to New York City.  A journey that leads to more then they both ever could have imagined - and changes both their lives forever."
"49309 Come Rain or Shine is an unusually frank and humorous music documentary about the band Genesis getting back together for their first tour in 15 years. Director Anthony Mathile followed the band for nearly a year to create this film which explores the relationship of three band members and the mechanics decisions and debacles that go into producing a stadium tour for a legendary band of this scale. This ""rockumentary"" was released as part of the ""When in Rome"" boxset that was released in 2008 as a registration of the live show that Genesis performed in Rome the last show in their European tour. The camera accompanies Genesis through all periods of tour preparation from the first rehearsals in New York to the moment in autumn 2007 when the final bars of The Carpet Crawlers fade away."
49401 SummerSlam (2010) was a PPV that took place on August 15 2010 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles California for the second consecutive year. It was the 23rd annual SummerSlam event.  The main event focused on the invasion of The Nexus into the WWE. Team WWE (John Cena Daniel Bryan Edge Chris Jericho Bret Hart R-Truth and John Morrison) fought The Nexus (Wade Barrett Justin Gabriel Heath Slater David Otunga Michael Tarver Skip Sheffield and Darren Young) in a seven-on-seven elimination match. Other matches included Kane defending the World Heavyweight Championship from Rey Mysterio Sheamus defending the WWE Championship from Randy Orton with stipulations to prevent interference Big Show versus the Straight Edge Society in a 3 on 1 handicap match and Dolph Ziggler defending the IC Title from Kofi Kingston in a singles match.
"49417 Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band's London Calling: Live In Hyde Park concert film is of the Boss and his band's performance at London's Hard Rock Calling Festival on June 28 2009 in HD. The film documents 27 tracks of live Springsteen that begin in daylight and progress through a gorgeous sunset into night. The set list spans from the Born To Run era to Working On a Dream and includes rare covers such as The Clash's ""London Calling"" Jimmy Cliff's ""Trapped"" The Young Rascals' ""Good Lovin'"" and Eddie Floyd's ""Raise Your Hand"". Springsteen also performs fan favorite ""Hard Times (Come Again No More)"". Brian Fallon from The Gaslight Anthem joins the band as a guest vocalist on Springsteen's own ""No Surrender""."
"49453 How important is the truth when falling in love? Bella is a Manhattan café waitress about to turn 35 stuck in a long-term affair going nowhere. Paul is a widower facing old age alone. Bella's mother sets her up with Bruno a novelist/cabbie who likes to bed-hop and whose ex-wife expects their two children to stay with him for awhile. While Bruno learns some maturity from his young daughter Paul answers a personals ad placed by a ""widow 60."" The two couples - along with one of Paul's older pals and a Jungian stripper - sort out how to initiate a relationship these days what to do when someone you like disappoints you and when to tell the truth."
49494 In 140 AD twenty years after the unexplained disappearance of the entire Ninth Legion in the mountains of Scotland young centurion Marcus Aquila arrives from Rome to solve the mystery and restore the reputation of his father the commander of the Ninth. Accompanied only by his British slave Esca Marcus sets out across Hadrian's Wall into the uncharted highlands of Caledonia - to confront its savage tribes make peace with his father's memory and retrieve the lost legion's golden emblem the Eagle of the Ninth.
"49549 Live in the LBC & Diamonds in the Rough is the first live album and DVD package released on September 16 2008 by Avenged Sevenfold from Warner Bros. Records. The live DVD features the band's April 10 2008 hometown show at Long Beach Arena headlining the Rockstar Taste of Chaos tour while the CD contains previously unreleased B-sides that were recorded during the making of Avenged Sevenfold plus various covers and other never-before-heard material. The DVD was directed by Core Entertainment's Rafa Alcantara who also worked on the band's critically acclaimed 2007 road documentary All Excess. On August 15 2008 a trailer was released by Avenged Sevenfold on their YouTube channel. On September 5 2008 Avenged Sevenfold released the live version of ""Seize the Day"" from the DVD through their imeem account. ""Unholy Confessions"" and ""Scream"" were later streamed before the release as well."
49586 Finally the wait is over. Billy Connolly the King of Comedy returns in his first brand new stand up DVD for three years. As funny topical and downright brilliant as ever Billy Connolly Live in London 2010 is the master at his best. From raging about Britain’s political elite to reporting about the oddities of America Live in London 2010 takes the audience on a hilarious series of anecdotes digressions and yarns. Filmed this year during 20 sell-out nights at London’s Hammersmith Apollo this is the show that caused a ticket website to crash from the demand when it first went on sale.
49637 Produced by Johnny Knoxville and Jeff Tremaine for MTV and Dickhouse Productions The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West Virginia is a documentary about the renowned West Virginia outlaw Jesco White and his eccentric backwoods family. In addition to getting in trouble with the law the Whites who live deep within Appalachia uphold a time-honored dancing style even as they contend with poverty drugs and other issues. Alternately humorous and sad the movie is an unflinching look at life on the criminal margins of rural mountain culture.
49676 Jenn Corbin seems to have it all; the perfect husband children and life. But when this suburban wife and mother in an upscale Atlanta suburb commits suicide authorities discover a marriage of secrets and betrayal. While the investigation seems to be leading to the final conclusion that her death was a suicide bits and pieces of the couple’s lives come to the surface. These discoveries soon convey that looks can be deceiving and people are not necessarily what they appear to be!
49857 Centers on Missy's adopted daughter Belinda Tyler as she follows her dream. Belinda wants to be a doctor but this time period does not look kindly on women with careers especially one in the medical field. But Belinda is a strong-minded woman and deeply wants a career as a doctor. She manages to prove her abilities while assisting the local doctor and caring for an old woman who recently experienced a stroke. Belinda nurses her back to health and helps her regain the use of her arm again. Belinda also meets the nephew of their deceased neighbor. Drew comes to town to get his uncle's farm in shape to sell. After that he intends on returning to New York to join his father's law practice. He has no desire to stay in this small unsophisticated town. But after meeting Belinda he has second thoughts. Belinda also feels something for Drew but she is conflicted because she wants to be a doctor...
"49947 ""Meat Loaf"" Aday is an overgrown Texas youngster the son of a gentle woman dying of cancer and an alcoholic abusive father. Tormented by his father and schoolmates over his size he strikes out on his own after his mother's death in an impossible task to prove himself to the world and to himself. A chance audition for a musical leads him to join forces with composer Jim Steinman and together the two make music history with the operatic rock album ""Bat Out of Hell."" But the demons that drive Meat Loaf aren't assuaged by success and eventually he must come to terms with them."
49953 A sea turtle who was hatched in 1959 spends the next 50 years traveling the world while it is being changed by global warming. Born on a Baja California beach in 1959 new hatchling Sammy must do what his fellow newborn sea turtles are doing: race across the beach to the ocean before they are captured by a seagull or crab. Thus begins Sammy's incredible fifty-year ocean journey. Along the way he meets his best friend a fellow turtle named Ray and overcomes obstacles both natural and man-made while trying to fulfill his dream of travelling around the world. Throughout his voyage Sammy never forgets about Shelly - the turtle he saved on his first day and loves passionately from afar.
"50014 Aibileen Clark is a middle-aged African-American maid who has spent her life raising white children and has recently lost her only son; Minny Jackson is an African-American maid who has often offended her employers despite her family's struggles with money and her desperate need for jobs; and Eugenia ""Skeeter"" Phelan is a young white woman who has recently moved back home after graduating college to find out her childhood maid has mysteriously disappeared. These three stories intertwine to explain how life in Jackson Mississippi revolves around ""the help""; yet they are always kept at a certain distance because of racial lines."
"50059 Eric is a man shrouded in mystery. Throughout the land he is known as ""the Beast"" for his bad temper and mean ways. When Belle is forced to work for him she tries not to be intimidated and resolves to look deeper. She discovers the truth and becomes the one person who can make a difference in Eric's life and help him rediscover the faith and love he lost years ago. A touching story of forgiveness change and love this classic fairytale comes to life in modern times to capture your heart!"
"50065 Dara O Briain - This Is the Show was recorded in front of a sell-out crowd on the final date of his record-breaking nine nights at the world famous Hammersmith Apollo. Dara is on top form as he effortlessly mixes off the cuff audience interaction with razor sharp material and a star studded finale that almost puts Hollywood to shame. ""O Briain is loud and large and fast and feisty...............but the way he tells 'em is a joy"" - The Times ""O Briain has a laser eye for the absurd and the spurious amid the too-much-stuff with which we shore up our hapless lives"" - The Guardian ""Breakneck genius...... the entire audience was hanging on every sentence. And every sentence ended in a laugh. It was stuffed with dazzling observations vivid vignettes and glorious gags."" Evening Standard"
50160 Lockipedia is a brand new stand-up show from the brilliant Sean Lock.  Lockipedia lets the audience choose what show they get. Lockipedia is  what Sean 'knows' about stuff. Lockipedia can only be accessed live &  on DVD. Lockipedia is funny & not to be missed!  Team captain of Channel 4's '8 Out Of 10 Cats' and one of the  UK's most highly acclaimed and original comedians Sean Lock is  finally back on the road in 2010 with his highly anticipated new  tour - Lockipedia. The new show will be Sean Lock at his best and  will be recorded for DVD later in the year and released in November  a must-have for all fans.
50221 Short-listed as one of the 15 best documentaries of the year Mugabe And The White African is the story of one family's astonishing bravery as they fight to protect their property their livelihood and their country. Mike Campbell is one of the few white farmers left in Zimbabwe since its leader Robert Mugabe enacted his disastrous land redistribution program. Once the breadbasket of Africa Zimbabwe has since spiraled into chaos the economy decimated as farms given to Mugabe cronies are run into ruin. After enduring years of intimidation and threats Campbell decides to take action. Unable to call upon help from his country's authorities he challenges Mugabe before an international court.
50344 Featuring Bill’s trademark musical interludes observations and stories of the road Dandelion Mind will be based loosely on the theme of doubt (or will it?) as we follow Bill from his real-life saga of being trapped by the ash cloud to his barely contained rants about celebrity TV creationism and Michael Winner. He demonstrates new instruments both ancient and modern he sings an internet love song a lament about punk heroes Iranian hip-hop and plays a mean folk-bouzouki. Thomas the Doubter gets a new look and Darwin’s curious obsessions and the myth of intelligent design are all worked over in Bailey’s own surreal style. He revisits the music of his youth with a brand-new French Disco re-working of Gary Numan’s hit Cars played in his own inimitable way and maybe some Wurzels-based remixes of classic German techno. Just your normal Bill Bailey gig then. Filmed at The O2 in Dublin in October 2010
50451 In 1979 Clive Sinclair British inventor of the pocket calculator frustrated by the lack of home investment in his projectthe electric car also opposes former assistant Chris Curry's belief that he can successfully market a micro-chip for a home computer. A parting of the ways sees Curry in partnership with the Austrian Hermann Hauser and using whizz kid Cambridge students set up his own rival firm to Sinclair Radionics Acorn. Acorn beat Sinclair to a lucrative contract supplying the BBC with machines for a computer series. From here on it is a battle for supremacy to gain the upper hand in the domestic market.
50454 Ashley has been on her own all her life. She feels even more alone this Christmas as she searches fruitlessly for a job. The seasonal cheer around her only rubs salt in her wounds as she scrapes by to support herself and her dog Dash. But her neighbor Nick knows exactly what to do. He offers her a job to be his assistant in the best work-helping others. There's one catch that Ashley must honor though-she can't tell anyone that her new boss is a sort of Secret Santa helping others anonymously. Through her new job Ashley meets Will a writer for a business magazine who uncovers what Ashley is doing and more importantly Nick's involvement. As Ashley and Nick help people in need Ashley tries to protect Nick's secret and her own heart while Will must weigh the consequences of what he does.
"50479 Disney Channel's production of Julie Sherman Wolfe's screenplay adaptation of the popular novel Avalon High by Meg Cabot. Elaine ""Ellie"" Harrison has just moved from Minnesota to Annapolis Maryland while her parents take a year long sabbatical to continue their medieval studies in nearby DC. Her new high school Avalon High seems like a typical high school with the stereotypical students: Lance the jock Jennifer the cheerleader Marco the bad boy/desperado and Will the senior class president quarterback and all around good guy. But not everyone at Avalon High is who they appear to be not even Ellie herself. Eventually it becomes apparent that Avalon High is a situation where the ancient Arthurian legend is repeating itself. Will Jennifer Lance Marco and Mr. Morton all correspond to King Arthur Queen Guinevere Knight Lancelot Mordred and Merlin respectively."
"50579 Most people don't think about singing when they think about revolutions. But song was the weapon of choice when between 1986 and 1991 Estonians sought to free themselves from decades of Soviet occupation. During those years hundreds of thousands gathered in public to sing forbidden patriotic songs and to rally for independence. ""The young people without any political party and without any politicians just came together ... not only tens of thousands but hundreds of thousands ... to gather and to sing and to give this nation a new spirit"" remarks Mart Laar a Singing Revolution leader featured in the film and the first post-Soviet Prime Minister of Estonia. ""This was the idea of the Singing Revolution."" James Tusty and Maureen Castle Tusty's ""The Singing Revolution"" tells the moving story of how the Estonian people peacefully regained their freedom--and helped topple an empire along the way."
50610 When a storm washes a canoe bearing an infant boy ashore upon a small South Pacific island he is at first well-received as a gift from the heavens even to the point of the tribal chief adopting him as a successor. However with time as hardships are blamed upon Tama (as he is named) he is finally outcast to live with the poorest people on the island Mahana and her drunken father. Mahana is considered homely and undesirable but Tama feels differently so when he is old enough to build a craft to sail away he vows to return for her one day. A lucky stroke brings him to land upon the island of the legendary Johnny Lingo the wealthiest trader in the islands and after years of service to him Tama has learned much about life and himself as he dreams of honoring his pledge to Mahana.
50611 Call him a city slicker. Call him a tenderfoot. But don't call him a member of the family--yet. Rising L.A. lawyer James White is going home for the holidays with his fiancée Sadie Ryder to finally meet her family in rural Pine Gap. After blundering through a bad first impression James attempts to win over Sadie's lawyer-loathing father Karl by pretending to be a horse-riding hay-baling game-hunting seasoned square dancer. But a pair of worn jeans and a ten-gallon hat don't make a cowboy and it's going to take more than mere posturing to charm Mr. Ryder... in fact it just might take a miracle.
50700 This film is a smart rueful and dead-on portrait of life's unending quest to fit in; and the girl who solves it by completely breaking out - introduces a feisty outsider hero unlike any other seen on screen. Esther Blueburger's quest begins when she escapes from her Bat Mitzvah party and is befriended by Sunni.. the effortlessly cool girl who is everything Esther thinks she wants to be. With the help of Sunni Esther goes away from her ordinary life and leaves behind her malfunctioning Jewish family to hang out with Sunni's far breezier and super-hip single mom Mary and attend Sunni's forbidden public school as a Swedish exchange student.
"50706 1. Intro 2. School's Out 3. Department Of Youth 4. I'm Eighteen 5. Wicked Young Man 6. Ballad Of Dwight Fry 7. Go To Hell 8. Guilty 9. Welcome To My Nightmare 10. Cold Ethyl 11. Poison 12. The Awakening 13. From The Inside 14. Nurse Rozetta 15. Is It My Body 16. Be My Lover 17. Only Women Bleed/I Never Cry 18. The Black Widow 19. Vengeance Is Mine 20. Devil's Food 21. Dirty Diamonds 22. Billion Dollar Babies 23. Killer 24. I Love The Dead 25. No More Mr. Nice Guy 26. Under My Wheels 27. School's Out (Reprise)  The godfather of shock-rock Alice Cooper completed his 2009 Theatre of Death World Tour by filming the final show at London's legendary Hammersmith Apollo. Fans of the ultimate Rock 'n' Roll showman won't be disappointed as Alice is subjected to guillotines gallows and much more on his way to being ""killed"" four times!"
50715 1974. Amidst power cuts strikes and boot-boy aggro on the football terraces Joe McCain is bored of a life that's going nowhere. Enter hair-dresser Jane: blonde beautiful and moving to the beat of a whole new world of sound movement and all-nighter dancing at The Wigan Casino - the home of Northern Soul. Swept along on this tide of pulsating dance and lust Joe becomes embroiled in the darker side of soul scene that will put his friendship to the test.
"51037 Culled from Sting's critically acclaimed world tour Symphonicity this exclusive live CD/DVD compilation features many of his greatest hits including ""Roxanne"" ""Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic"" ""King Of Pain"" ""Fields Of Gold"" and more all re-imagined for symphonic arrangement. Featuring special guest Branford Marsalis on select tracks this live concert experience is quintessential Symphonicity! [Tracklist:] 01 A Thousand Years 02 Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic 03 Englishman In New York 04 Roxanne 05 When We Dance 06 Russians 07 I Hung My Head 08 Why Should I Cry For You? 09 Whenever I Say Your Name 10 This Cowboy Song 11 Tomorrow We'll See 12 Moon Over Bourbon Street 13 The End Of The Game 14 You Will Be My Ain True Love 15 All Would Envy 16 Mad About You 17 King Of Pain 18 Every BreathcYoun Take 19 Desert Rose 20 She's Too Good For Me 21 Fragile 22 I Was Brought To My Senses (Intro)"
51083 Prompted by a just-published book that holds ex-lieutenant Ben Tyson accountable for a hushed-up massacre committed by his platoon in a Hue hospital 18 years before the army recalls Tyson to stand trial for murder. Tyson confronted by an army authority anxious to save its own face an embarrassed federal government and a threatened marriage and entangled furthermore in his own past lives and present sense of guilt must call on all his cleverness and his own inner toughness to fight his case.
"51353 Filmed live at the Palace of Auburn Hills Michigan in 2008 Three Days Grace: Live At The Palace looks good. The Blu-ray transfer reveals a pleasing color-scheme good contrast and lack of overly disturbing ""motion-judder"". The actual show is filmed by multiple strategically placed HD cameras that do an excellent job of Adam Gontier and the rest of the guys in Three Days Grace. Furthermore you would see plenty of the audience as well; the HD cameras zoom over and around the stage providing a good look at the entire venue. In addition to the concert footage Three Days Grace: Live At The Palace also provides plenty of behind the scene footage where fans of the band are seen interacting with their idols."
51409 The O'Neills lived happily in their house in the Australian countryside. That was until one day fate struck blindly taking the life of Peter the father leaving his grief-stricken wife Dawn alone with their four children. Among them eight-year-old Simone denies this reality. She is persuaded that her father still lives in the giant fig tree growing near their house and speaks to her through its leaves. But the tree becomes more and more invasive and threatens the house. It must be felled. Of course Simone won't allow it.
51438 MVP 2 opens with the lovable Jack being ousted from his hockey team the Seattle Simians and having to hit the road after being falsely accused of league misconduct. Jack ends up in the city where he's befriended by Ben a homeless skateboarder and Ollie a skate shop owner. Jack proves to be as adept at mastering the half-pipe as he does at delivering a slap shot and before long he and Ben are crashing amateur skateboarder competitions all over the country.
51499 108 shows 78 cities 32 countries 6 continents 1.1 million fans. Beyoncé’s I Am... World Tour captures concert footage from numerous shows edited into one extraordinary concert. Weaved into this concert are highlights that give a rare glimpse into the dynamic and personal world of this multi-faceted icon. As a bonus is a behind-the-scenes documentary entitled Mic and a Light. I Am... World Tour Blu-ray captures not only an unforgettable performance from the superstar singer and entertainer but showcases her astonishing talent as a filmmaker director and producer.
51505 After the recent loss of her son Sean Patty Addison devotes herself to finding homes for needy children. The loss of their son has strained Patty's relationship with her husband Mark but they reconnect emotionally when they take in Emily a 9-year-old orphaned in a car accident similar to the one that killed Sean. At the same time Dr. Nathan Andrews is trying to find the parents of a boy who died in the ER and Mark is trying to help one of his son's friends.
51603 Jack Frost's playboy lifestyle in New York City is rocked by the news that his childhood love is engaged. Amidst his friendships with Scotch Evans a ribald nightlife correspondent; Ozzy a troubled but loving heroin addict; and Kate Hardwick a bewitching quick-witted reporter Jack sinks deeper into depression. Haunted by lost-love and his mother's suicide Jack plunges into whiskey and self-destruction . . . until his eleven-year-old neighbor Sophie an unlikely mother figure leads Jack back into himself and out of the nostalgia and excess that consumed him.
51909 On its last leg homeward from Pearl Harbour (Hawaii) to San Diego the USS Constellation hosts a jolly 'tiger cruise' for USNavy Marines and USNAF relatives mainly minors ('Navy brats'). Attitudes and emotions vary from simple joy to open frustration the worst brat being XO commander Gary Dolan's daughter Maddie who wants him to refuse a promotion to command for a shore job. Then the news of the WCC terror crisis changes everything as the crew is recalled to war footing.
"51935 It is 1984. Frank (Layke Anderson) is a determined English teenager who runs away from high school to find an alternative gay lifestyle in Amsterdam. He finds a home and a job at the ""House of Boys"" a bar-cum-brothel run by a strict Madame (Udo Kier) who has an eye for what his punters crave. Frank works his way up from barman to on-stage dancer and falls in love with some of his housemates Jake (Ben Northover). The first intimations of what is described as 'the gay cancer' casts a long shadow over Frank's tight-knit group of friends. Yet despite the troubles that cloud the hopes and dreams of young Frank his perseverance along with support from a willing doctor (Stephen Fry) will carry him through. House of Boys is a glamorous colourful coming-of-age story that lifts the lid on an exciting world of sex and music where deep passions suddenly turn into a struggle for courage."
"51970 Jay Brooks is that black guy who digs indie rock graphic novels and dates white chicks. After a slew of bad break-ups Jay gives up white women ""cold turkey"" and he goes on a mission: ""Operation Brown Sugar"". But because Jay doesn't fit the ""brotha"" stereotype he fails miserably with the ""sistahs."" Then he meets the dynamic Catherine a misunderstood ""Half-rican Canadian"" who's as righteously quirky as he is. To win her heart Jay must confront his fears as he realizes commitment is a bigger issue than race."
52615 Despite scientist Nathan's warnings his boss continues an experiment meant as publicity for his satellite firm: exploding an asteroid. Instead it splits and the major piece the size of Iceland changes course to earth. It is deflected but so close that it shift our course closer to the sun causing rapid extreme heating hopefully only mid-term. Nathan warns his sister TV journalist Carly and she her lover police detective Tom. He brings his unruly daughter Kim her ex-con lover C.J. and her mother nurse Bonnie when Nathan offers a flight to a friend's Arctic weather station. Tom takes charge of a dangerous trip to the airport as everywhere on earth things catch fire and people fight for water transport and sheer looting.
52635 Ten year old Jared Marshall's life crumbled down after his parents' divorce a year ago. Not only does his dad put his job first since mother uproots him from Iowa by moving in with her ma so she can take a job in California. When Jared's class writes letters to US troops in Bosnia from the nearest base kindhearted Sergeant First Class Vince Carerra who grew up fatherless and got divorced because his wife wasn't faithful while he was on tour of duty takes to the kid and starts a correspondence with 'fatherly' advice. Once his unit returns to Fort Sebastian Vince calls on Jared's home warmly welcomed. Vince becomes Jared's personal baseball coach and after some Cupid encouragement his mother's boyfriend but on an understanding not to commit because he's likely to be redeployed.
52670 Every year more than 70000 Australian school leavers head to the beaches of Australia's Gold Coast to celebrate their release from the secondary school system. With a wild mixture of sun surf and sex this quintessential Australian tradition is known affectionately as 'Schoolies Week'. So strap on the beer goggles and follow several groups of friends as they travel to the Gold Coast by train clapped out Holden Limo and on foot in search of the best time of their lives.
52671 This DVD is basically the entire 41-minute album as you hear it on the CD with an array of visuals to accompany it. Lots of the footage you've probably seen in the official music videos for the album's four singles (Sadeness Principles of Lust Mea Culpa Rivers of Belief). Some scenes may look a bit cliche nowadays but putting yourself back in 1990 you can see Michael Cretu's vision. The scenes include landscapes monks knights in armor and trippy illusions.
52917 Hyde Park Concert Film July 2009.  Blur: Live At Hyde Park is the definitive live Blur concert film. Directed by Giorgio Testi the film was shot on the 2nd of July 2009 in front of a crowd of 55000 fans in London's Hyde Park. The gigs were the climax of their hugely successful 2009 comeback tour and saw the band play a 25-song career spanning set to a rapturous reception from fans. Shot using 18 cameras and featuring stunning HD cinematography the film lovingly documents Blur's incredible Hyde Park performances.  Intro / She's So High / Girls & Boys / Tracy Jacks / There's No Other Way / Jubilee / Badhead / Beetlebum / Out Of Time / Trimm Trabb / Coffee and TV / Tender / Country House / Oily Water / Chemical World / Sunday Sunday / Parklife / End Of Century / To The End / This Is A Low / Popscene / Advert / Song 2 / Death Of A Party / For Tomorrow / The Universal
52929 Single drama telling the story of Eric Morecambe and Ernie Wise's formative years from child stars to national treasures. 'Big head short legs' is Eric Bartholomew's first impression of Ernie Wiseman but their friendship endures and encouraged by his well-meaning but determined mother Sadie Eric became the funny man to Ernie's 'feed'. After a successful stint in children's variety they work their way up the ladder of live performance but after a disastrous television debut in the series Running Wild Morecambe and Wise learn to trust their own instincts and just make people laugh.
53181 Serenity Fall's favorite super sleuth is on the case again! The town is alarmed when a priceless crystal turns up missing. The only suspect seems to be a strange man living in the woods known as Shaman. It's up to Roxy Hunter (Aria Wallace) and her best friend Max to discover the identity of the true thief and recover the precious jewel. Could it be the Shaman? Or is it the person no one would ever suspect? In the tradition of Nancy Drew and Harriet the Spy here comes the irrepressible Roxy Hunter. In the young sleuth's second adventure a priceless crystal goes missing on the eve of Serenity Fall's 150th anniversary celebration leading the entire town to suspect a bizarre recluse known as the Shaman living in the woods. It's up to Roxy and her best friend Max to sort the matter out.
"53190 Pablo Escobar was the richest most powerful drug kingpin in the world ruling the Medellin Cartel with an iron fist. Andres Escobar was the biggest soccer star in Colombia. The two were not related but their fates were inextricably-and fatally-intertwined. Pablo's drug money had turned Andres' national team into South American champions favored to win the 1994 World Cup in Los Angeles. It was there in a game against the U.S. that Andres committed one of the most shocking mistakes in soccer history scoring an ""own goal"" that eliminated his team from the competition and ultimately cost him his life. The Two Escobars is a riveting examination of the intersection of sports crime and politics."
53328 In the valleys of Appalachia a battle is being fought over a mountain the consequences of which affect every American; it's a battle that has taken innocent lives and threatens to take more. It is a battle over protecting our health and environment from the destructive power of Big Coal. Mining and burning coal is at the epicenter of America's struggle to balance its energy needs with environmental and health concerns. Nowhere is that concern greater than in Coal River Valley West Virginia where a small but passionate group of ordinary citizens are trying to stop Big Coal corporations like Massey Energy from continuing the devastating practice of Mountain Top Removal.
"53447 This DVD contains a behind the scenes documentary film and an intimate concert performance by Sting. The documentary is a candid look at the genesis development and realisation of Sting's live CD. ""...all this time"" which features reinvented arrangements of Sting's most celebrated songs. [Tracklist:] 01 Fragile 02 A Thousand Years 03 Perfect Love... Gone Wrong 04 All This Time 05 Seven Days 06 The Hounds Of Winter 07 Don't Stand So Close To Me 08 When We Dance 09 Dienda 10 Roxanne 11 If You Love Somebody Set Them Free 12 Brand New Day 13 Fields Of Gold 14 Moon Over Bourbon Street 15 Shape Of My Heart 16 If I Ever Lose My Faith In You 17 Every Breath You Take"
53505 In Botswana's Okavango Delta an ostracized lioness and her two cubs must fight alone to survive - overcoming all manner of hazards. Their only defense is to escape to Duba Island -- and with that an unknown future. The setting for this epic tale is one of the last regions where lions can live in the wild. Faced with dwindling land and increasing pressure from hunting lions - like our lone lioness and her cubs - are approaching the brink of extinction.
"53673 An unprecedented 5 year run! More than 700 sold out shows! 3 million spectators! Everything about the record -breaking show that changed the history of entertainment scene in Las Vegas! This 2-disc Blu-ray set includes Céline Dion's show in the Colosseum at Caesars Palace and three exclusive documentaries: Travel to Las Vegas with the fans- join Céline at home in her car in her dressing room and even backstage - find out all the secrets of ""A New Day"" More Than 5 hours of Never Before Seen Footage"
53850 Two millennia ago a Lybian king has a basilisk (snake-shaped dragon) which petrifies people subjected to the same fate with a golden scepter during a solar eclipse. Both these and several victims are dug up by modern archaeologist Harrison 'Harry' McColl's expedition. Despite a cryptic warning from tribal locals everything goes to his Colorado university's museum. It's all exhibited during another eclipse which leads to the monster reviving. Harry and some of his friends must try to petrify the monster again.
54138 When the crew of the Enterprise is called back home they find an unstoppable force of terror from within their own organization has detonated the fleet and everything it stands for leaving our world in a state of crisis.  With a personal score to settle Captain Kirk leads a manhunt to a war-zone world to capture a one man weapon of mass destruction. As our heroes are propelled into an epic chess game of life and death love will be challenged friendships will be torn apart and sacrifices must be made for the only family Kirk has left: his crew.
"54300 In the mid-1990s spurred on by both the sudden world-domination of bands such as Oasis and Prime Minister Tony Blair's ""Cool Brittania"" campaign British culture experienced a brief and powerful boost that made it appear as if Anglophilia was everywhere--at least if you believed the press. Pop music was the beating heart of this idea and suddenly ""Britpop"" was a movement. Oasis their would-be rivals Blur Pulp The Verve and many more bands rode this wave to international chart success. But was Britpop a real phenomenon or just a marketing ploy? This smart and often hilarious documentary probes the question with copious interviews from Noel and Liam Gallagher of Oasis Pulp's Jarvis Cocker Damon Albarn of Blur Sleeper's Louise Wener and many other artists and critics who suddenly found themselves at the cultural forefront."
"54694 From 1981-1984 a small private school in Dallas owned the best record in college football. The Mustangs of Southern Methodist University were riding high on the backs of the vaunted ""Pony Express"" backfield. But as the middle of the decade approached the program was coming apart at the seams. Wins became the only thing that mattered as the University increasingly ceded power of the football program to the city's oil barons and real estate tycoons and flagrant and frequent NCAA violations became the norm. In 1987 the school and the sport were rocked as the NCAA meted out ""the death penalty"" on a college football program for the first and only time in its history. SMU would be without football for two years and the fan base would be without an identity for 20 more until the win in the 2009 Hawaii Bowl. This is the story of Dallas in the 1980's and the greed power and corruption that spilled from the oil fields onto the football field and all the way to the Governor's Mansion."
54696 Blue Oyster Cult celebrates 30 years of incredible rock with their new DVD home video A Long Day's Night. All the hits and fan favorites were recorded live June 21 2002 at the Navy Pier/Skyline Stage in Chicago. This title along with the companion CD is the first live release from B.O.C. in twenty years and truly highlights the band's phenomenal career.  Set List: Stairway To The Stars Burning For You Od’ed On Life Itself E.T.I. Dance On Stilts Harvester Of Eyes Buck’s Boogie Quicklime Girl Flaming Telepaths Harvest Moon Last Days Of May Cities On Flame M.E. 262 Perfect Water Lips In The Hills Godzilla Don’t Fear The Reaper Dominance And Submission The Red And The Black.  Bonus Features include band interviews fan interviews behind the scenes footage.
54740 In 1981 college athletic recruiting changed forever as a dozen big-time football programs sat waiting for the decision by a physically powerful and lightning-quick high school running back named Marcus Dupree. On his way to eclipsing Herschel Walker’s record for the most touchdowns in high school history Dupree attracted recruiters from schools in every major conference to his hometown of Philadelphia Miss. More than a decade removed from being a flashpoint in the civil-rights struggle Philadelphia was once again thrust back into the national spotlight. Dupree took the attention in stride and committed to Oklahoma. What followed though was a forgettable college career littered with conflict injury and oversized expectations. Eight-time Emmy Award winner Jonathan Hock will examine why this star burned out so young and how he ultimately used football to redeem himself.
54744 Throughout the 1980s Miami Florida was at the center of a racial and cultural shift taking place throughout the country. Overwhelmed by riots and tensions Miami was a city in flux and the University of Miami football team served as a microcosm for this evolution. The image of the predominantly white university was forever changed when coach Howard Schnellenberger scoured some of the toughest ghettos in Florida to recruit mostly black players for his team. With a newly branded swagger inspired and fueled by the quickly growing local Miami hip hop culture these Hurricanes took on larger-than-life personalities and won four national titles between 1983 and 1991. Filmmaker Billy Corben a Miami native and University of Miami alum will tell the story of how these “Bad Boys” of football changed the attitude of the game they played and how this serene campus was transformed into “The U.”
54897 Everything can change in an instant ... and take a lifetime to unravel. When Mac McDonald loses his son in an accident the ensuing 17 years of bitterness and pain erodes his love for his family and leaves him angry with God ... and just about everyone else. Mac's rage stonewalls his career in the police department and makes for a combustible situation when he's partnered with Sam Wright a rising star on the force who happens to be a part-time pastor and a loving family man. Can they somehow join forces to help one another when it's impossible for either of them to look past their differences-especially the most obvious one? Every day we have the opportunity to rebuild relationships and heal deep wounds by extending and receiving God's grace. Offer THE GRACE CARD ... and never underestimate the power of God's love.
54929 Rookie lawyer Alec Brno has just been assigned the case of his career: exposing a billion-dollar oil scam led by a ruthless mafia boss. When he reluctantly falls for the gangster's beautiful but drug-addicted wife - also his key witness - Alec soon realizes that all the legal savvy in the world can't protect him from the dangerous reality of mob violence. In a system where criminals often walk free sometimes courtroom warriors must take the battle for justice into their own hands. Written by Echo Bridge Home Entertainment
55030 2010 is the 40th Anniversary of the Electric Light Orchestra. ELO was formed in 1970 by Jeff Lynne and Roy Wood from the ashes of The Move. Roy Wood soon left to form Wizzard and Jeff Lynne led ELO on to become one of the biggest selling acts of the seventies and eighties with global album sales in excess of 50 million. This DVD brings together three live concerts from the earlier part of the band s career. The first is a four track excerpt from a show at Brunel University in 1973 the second a longer six track set filmed for the German TV series Rockpalast in 1974 and finally the Fusion concert from the New Victoria Theatre in London in 1976 filmed during the Face The Music tour.
55179 Skagerrak is the story of being hit by happiness when you least expect it. In their late twenties and tired of partying their way around the world Danish Marie and Irish Sophie come ashore in Northern Scotland. After another drunken night they are soon parted from all their accumulated cash. Out of money and out of luck ambitious Sophie pressures Marie into accepting a lucrative job as surrogate mother. Months on Marie finds herself alone life having taken a dramatic turn. Heavily pregnant and wanting to terminate her pregnancy she's on the run from the future parents searching for Sophie's old flame Ken. In a case of mistaken identity Marie ends up in hiding with three strange men in a seedy Glasgow garage. But then happiness strikes again.
55215 The year is 2509 and not only has Earth lost contact with the Ishimura and Isaac Clarke but now also the USG O'Bannon the first responder ship sent to rescue them. Four crew members of the O'Bannon have survived. But what happened to the rest of the crew? What were they doing? What secrets are they keeping? All to be revealed...in the Aftermath! --- Dead Space: Aftermath is a fast paced horrifying thrill ride told through the perspective of the four survivors by several renowned international directors. Dead Space: Aftermath is an animated film that bridges the storyline between the video games Dead Space and Dead Space 2.
55237 Soon after the fall of Baghdad in 2003 a young and charismatic film student Muthana Mohmed stands in the rubble of the city's film school and explains to an American television audience that his dream of becoming a filmmaker has been destroyed - first by Saddam Hussein then by American bombs. This brief fortuitous appearance on MTV changes Muthana's life forever. Watching in the United States actor/director Liev Schreiber stops channel surfing utterly captivated. Feeling guilty about a war he opposed Schreiber decides to extend to the unknown Iraqi the opportunity of a lifetime - to come to Prague to work on an American movie Everything Is Illuminated. On set frustrated expectations complicate the relationship between Muthana and his American benefactors in what becomes a cross-cultural endeavor gone awry. Filmmaker Nina Davenport becomes increasingly entangled in the young Iraqi's life as his visa is about to expire and the threat of returning to Baghdad looms...
55302 A comedy of discriminating taste and dirty little secrets the story is set in 1952 England where Nigel the Earl of Marshwood woos Hollywood star Miranda Frayle upsetting both his mother Countess Felicity of Marshwood and her former love fellow Hollywood star Don Lucas. Right before the engagement party to be held at Marshwood Moxie the Countess's personal maid and best friend reveals that Miranda is her estranged sister. Crestwell the Countess's butler quickly devises a plan-but an inebriated Lucas's arrival at Marshwood to try to talk to Miranda causes all chaos to break loose.
"55322 Philosopher pop-icon shaman and story teller - as one of the most influential comic book writers in the market today Grant Morrison is all of these things. His explosive and often controversial 30 year career has made him a household name for comic fans and he shows no signs of slowing down. Morrison's career is now taking a new turn as he explores media beyond comic books. With film and television projects on the horizon more and more people are asking ""Who is Grant Morrison?"" Grant Morrison: Talking with Gods is a feature length documentary that takes an in depth look at the life career and mind of the man behind such pivotal titles as Batman RIP The Invisibles All Star Superman The New X-Men and many more. Featuring candid interviews with Morrison and his most important collaborators Talking with Gods reveals an intelligent and thought provoking side of comic books that is often overlooked in Hollywood adaptations."
"55698 Jimmy a young boy trying to gain acceptance from his peers is horrified when he sees a circus trainer abusing a bear cub. One of the circus employees tells Jimmy that there is a magic cave in the hills nearby that can transport people to another time and that maybe he can use it to help the bear. Jimmy does some exploring finds the cave and is amazed to find himself transported back to the early 1800's where he encounters Jeremiah a nature-loving mountain man with a bear friend of his own. Jeremiah agrees to come to the future and help out Jimmy but the 21st century is quite different from the 19th and springing the bear cub will not be as easy as Jeremiah thinks. Not in any way related to the ""Grizzly Adams"" television series."
55715 Racing is in Alex Johnstone's blood. It was her father s life and it ultimately caused his death so her uncle Bill who runs the local speedway is determined not to lose his niece the way he lost his brother. But Alex is determined to prove to Bill to the world and especially to herself that she has what it takes to be the best in a traditionally male-dominated sport. And when she meets up with handsome professional racecar driver Darryl Sands the emotional stakes are raised even higher. Will Alex crash and burn or can she carry on her dad s legacy and make her dreams come true?
55733 Based on a true story American Marine Jason Johnson (Goselaar) is sent on assignment to the Emirate of Bahrain. While there he meets and falls in love with a spirited lovely young woman Meriam (Nichols) without realizing she is really a member of the Bahraini Royal Family. Meriam who does not wish to consent to an arranged marriage knows her love affair with Jason is dangerous as he is a Mormon Christian and she a Muslim. Her parents would never consent to their match and so Meriam and Jason race against time to escape Bahrain and make it to the United States where they can marry. If Meriam is sent back however her life may be in jeopardy.
55734 American football coach Chuck Dichter has worked wonders with the Buffalo Bills and is even confident to crown his career with a Super Bowl victory but before the play-offs an oyster food-poisoning wipes out his first team for a month. Dan Heller an insurance salesman and former college quarterback who was hired -relactantly but his wife twisted his arm- just for practice now has to captain and train a bunch of rookies and old-timers against the hardest adversaries. Dichter decides to sign up triple Super Bowl-winner Tommy Baker in Dan's place...
55812 Industry insiders like Stan Lee and Neil Gaiman (The Sandman) reflect on the way their colorful creations reflect society at large. They have spread from the pulpy pages of nickel comics to Saturday morning cartoons the big screen and beyond. They have evolved from simple All-American heroes to tortured complicated characters reflecting the dreams desires and fears of modern society. From Superman to The Sandman Comic Book Superheroes Unmasked is a fascinating feature-length look at the evolution of an art form that has proved remarkably adaptable and enduring. Filled with classic images from DC and Marvel Comics as well as extensive interviews with modern masters of the graphic novel like Neil Gaiman and Frank Miller (The Dark Knight Returns) this documentary originally aired on the History Channel goes far beyond the superficial escapist fantasies to probe the forces that shaped the characters who have become legend...
55845 From civil rights to the anti-war movement to the struggles of workers folksinger Phil Ochs wrote topical songs that engaged his audiences in the issues of the 1960s and 70s. In this biographical documentary veteran director Kenneth Bowser shows how Phil's music and his fascinating life story and eventual decline into depression and suicide were intertwined with the history-making events that defined a generation. Even as his contemporaries moved into folk-rock and pop music Phil followed his own vision challenging himself and his listeners. Not one to pull punches Ochs never achieved the commercial success he desperately desired. But his music remains relevant reaching new audiences in a generation that finds his themes all too familiar.
55858 The Medieval and Renaissance blade a profound and beautiful object handcrafted by master artisans of old. An object of great complexity yet one with a singular use in mind- it is designed to kill. The truth of the sword has been shrouded in antiquity and the Renaissance martial arts that brought it to being are long forgotten. The ancient practitioners lent us all they knew through their manuscripts. As gunslingers of the Renaissance they were western heroes with swords and they lived and died by them. Yet today their history remains cloaked under a shadow of legend.
"56087 ""Cowboy Up"" is a celebration of the risk-taking daredevil personalities of modern rodeo. In the world of professional bull riding newcomer Ely Braxton (Marcus Thomas) is the craziest guy around; his brother Hank (Kiefer Sutherland) is a rodeo clown and the two use each other to play up their acts. But love may be one thing that tears the brothers apart. When Ely falls for the rodeo's sweetheart (Daryl Hannah) Hank is filled with jealousy and hatred. The brothers try to come to grips with their differences but the competition gets as fierce as the bulls in the ring."
56194 Two brothers - one virtuous one feckless - are in love with the same woman. She falls for Brother Wrong carrying a torch for him even after he deserts her. But Brother Right remains steadfast and available. What's unusual here is why the bad brother pulls his disappearing act. Mark walks out on wife Dianne after learning that the baby they're expecting has severe genetic abnormalities. Dianne is nonetheless determined to bear her child with support from her mother and Mark's brother David a pediatrician whose love for Dianne is unspoken but obvious. How do they cope with the challenges of raising this little girl named Julia?
"56214 Margaret Cho returns to the concert stage with a ""killer"" one-woman show that has taken audiences by storm. Filmed live at the Warner Theatre in Washington D.C. Assassin features a fresh dose of Margaret’s ground-breaking and controversial brand of humor. Taking aim at the Bush administration and the religious right she pulls no punches in her assault on the ""ever devolving"" state of the union. The result is an unforgettable performance featuring Margaret at her raw irreverent and hilarious best."
"56218 Learning to love her luscious self over the past forty years comedian Margaret Cho realized that the eye of the beholder doesn't hold all the power when it comes to beauty. Our tastes may be groomed by the media but how we feel about how we look brings our self-image into focus. Armed with something more potent than lip gloss - a mouth so shocking and raunchy it should be stamped with a warning - Cho toured America with her manifesto: ""This show is really about how we should feel beautiful"" says Cho. ""When you feel beautiful you're going to have more of a willingness to use your voice to speak."" Shot at the Long Beach Terrace Theater Cho's latest stand-up concert film Beautiful explores the good bad and downright ugly in beauty and the unattractive politicians and marketers who shape our world."
56292 Ethan Hunt and his team are racing against time to track down a dangerous terrorist named Hendricks who has gained access to Russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the United States. An attempt to stop him ends in an explosion causing severe destruction to the Kremlin and the IMF to be implicated in the bombing forcing the President to disavow them. No longer being aided by the government Ethan and his team chase Hendricks around the globe although they might still be too late to stop a disaster.
"56349 DJ SWB is back at it again with his crazyyyy video mixes and this time YUNG JOC and LUPE FIASCO lend a helping hand by hosting over 107 minutes of the strongest video blends in the market. With over 40 new video mixes bonus interviews (including TI Lupe and Young Joc) and a live performance by the Clipse ""How We Do Vol 6"" is action packed from start to finish! This DVD is a must have for any hip-hop fan and a great edition to DJ SWB's always highly anticipated ""How We Do"" series. And If you don't believe our word just check out the trailer and see the excitement for yourself!"
56410 After her mother's death New York City fashion designer Lisa Rayborn (Natasha Henstridge) returns to her hometown and family farm. Due to a weak economy her brother Jim (Harry Hamlin) has converted the family business from a cattle farm into a sheep farm despite their father's (Lawrence Dane) objections. To help out Lisa decides she will stay to help on the farm. She adopts a border collie from the local animal shelter and trains it as a sheepdog naming the dog Lucky. Jim and Lisa decide to enter Lucky into a sheep herding contest but when a severe thunderstorm sparks a forest fire Lucky helps rescue trapped children and bring them to safety. While doing so Lucky gets her leg burned and it looks as if she will not be able to compete.
56427 Mitch Buchannon (David Hasselhoff) was believed to have died in a boating accident at the end of the 10th season of Baywatch. However it turns out he only had amnesia and has been recovering in a Los Angeles hospital. His new fiancée Allison Ford (Alexandra Paul) resembles his old lover Lt. Stephanie Holden (also played by Alexandra Paul) who died during the seventh season of Baywatch. However she is cooperating with an old nemesis of Mitch's the still undead Mason Sato (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa) from the second season to get revenge on Mitch.
56523 The lives of Escondido California residents Cheryl and Stephen Crowe change one morning when they find their twelve year old daughter Stephanie Crowe stabbed to death in her bedroom. As procedure dictates the police take each member of the household away individually to be questioned and the remaining children - fourteen year old Michael Crowe and adolescent Shannon Crowe - are taken into protective custody until Cheryl and Stephen can be cleared. The police end up placing much of their focus on the sullen Michael who they question without counsel and without discussion with his parents. The tone of the police questioning is that they believe Michael did kill his sister the police lying harassing and coercing in the process. Under the barrage of questioning Michael eventually confesses as do two of his friends both questioned under the same threatening tone. Cheryl and Stephen who are finally made aware of the questioning and the confessions...
"56680 The show features some great light and sound effects apart from the great music that Eagles is renowned for. The 'five-part' harmony song ""Hole in the World"" elicits a great crowd participation with the audience providing a 'clap rhythm' as the band sings. The song ""Life's Been Good"" features some antics by Joe Walsh and Frey with them staging a mock rivalry on stage and the latter having a hearty laugh at the former. The song also features a 'helmet cam' session where the crowd gets to see what the camera on Walsh's helmet points at. Also the songs ""The Boys of Summer"" and ""Hotel California"" feature the first officially documented use by the Eagles of a drum machine in a live performance; in particular during ""Hotel California"" a pre-programmed track is used to simulate the muted guitar strums which provide a steady beat on the original studio recording of the song and which are absent from all of the previous live performances of it."
56772 For long-time fans this may be the most outstanding concert by Queen. The reason? It gives a perfect overview of an early Queen presentation. The material the costumes and the performance of the members are really great and supported by the hilarious conversational approach of a young Freddie Mercury. In one of the last interviews the singer Freddie Mercury said that the way he looked in those days was ridiculous; many would argue. The band looked very theatrical and outrageous. That's the way that the orthodox good old fashion Queen fan likes it more so it's joyful to see the careful treatment of the performance and the power of the Queen sound when all the members of the band sing together.
"56777 At the Edge of the World chronicles the controversial Sea Shepherd Antarctic Campaign against a Japanese whaling fleet. The international volunteer crew under-trained and under-equipped develop a combination of bizarre and brilliant tactics with which to stop the whalers. But first they must find the Japanese ships a far more difficult challenge than ever imagined - long-time activist Paul Watson and first-time captain Alex Cornelissen employ an array of strategies in the hopes of finding an elusive adversary in the vast expanse of the Ross Sea. With one ship (the Farley Mowat) too slow to chase down the whaling fleet with their second ship (the Robert Hunter) unsuited for Antarctic ice conditions and with no country supporting their efforts to enforce international law the situation becomes increasingly desperate. Against all odds however a real-life pirate tale unfolds - a modern-day ""David vs. Goliath"" adventure."
57211 A freewheeling portrait of Ken Kesey and the Merry Prankster’s fabled road trip across America in the legendary Magic Bus. In 1964 Ken Kesey the famed author of “One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest” set off on a legendary LSD-fuelled cross-country road trip to the New York World’s Fair. He was joined by “The Merry Band of Pranksters” a renegade group of counterculture truth-seekers including Neal Cassady the American icon immortalized in Kerouac’s “On the Road” and the driver and painter of the psychedelic Magic Bus.
57269 Mild-mannered computer consultant Norman Neale has two great loves in this cruel world: Comic books and his office's effervescent main receptionist Andrea Hicks. Norman spends his days dreaming of Andrea from the isolation of his cubicle and his nights dreaming of fighting crime from the solitude of his apartment. Then one fateful day Norman discovers that a fellow co-worker Victor Ventura a swaggering pretty-boy salesman has slight telekinetic abilities beyond his understanding. After discussing his mind-blowing discovery with his only friend Chuck a know-it-all comic book store owner Norman comes to the outlandish conclusion that he should train Victor to become a real-life superhero by helping him refine and expand his extraordinary ability.
57518 Eddie Griffin proves once more that he’s one of the world’s premiere comedic talents in his brand-new stand-up special You Can Tell ‘Em I Said It. Eddie unapologetically rips into everything from racial stereotypes to Viagra to the First Lady and will leave you gasping for air as he buzzes around the stage and literally climbs the walls. This uncut uncensored stand-up special live from Oakland California will keep you laughing long after he exits the stage and coming back to watch it again and again.
57599 In 'Wretches & Jabberers and Stories from the Road' two men with autism embark on a global quest to change prevailing attitudes about disability and intelligence. With limited speech Tracy Thresher 42 and Larry Bissonnette 52 both faced lives of mute isolation in mental institutions or adult disability centers. When they learned as adults to communicate by typing their lives changed dramatically. Their world tour message is that the same possibility exists for others like themselves. At each stop they dissect public attitudes about autism and issue a hopeful challenge to reconsider competency and the future. Along the way they reunite with old friends from the USA expand the isolated world of a talented young painter and make new allies in their cause.
"57609 Over 100 years ago Albert Einstein grappled with the implications of his revolutionary special theory of relativity and came to a startling conclusion: mass and energy are one related by the formula E = mc2. In ""Einstein's Big Idea"" NOVA dramatizes the remarkable story behind this equation. E = mc2 was just one of several extraordinary breakthroughs that Einstein made in 1905 including the completion of his special theory of relativity his identification of proof that atoms exist and his explanation of the nature of light which would win him the Nobel Prize in Physics. Among Einstein's ideas E = mc2 is by far the most famous. Yet how many people know what it really means? In a thought-provoking and engrossing docudrama NOVA illuminates this deceptively simple formula by unraveling the story of how it came to be."
57637 Embark on an astounding journey across 100000 light-years to witness key moments in the history of the Milky Way. Using cutting-edge science National Geographic constructs a 3-D state-of-the-art CGI model of our galaxy. We'll peer into the heart of the Milky Way on the hunt for super-massive black holes watch how stars are born and die fly out and above the plane of our galaxy to understand its true shape and scour its dusty spiral arms for the possibility of life.
57722 The collar awarded to the winners of the Meilleur Ouvrier de France (Best Craftsman in France) is more than the ultimate recognition for every pastry chef - it is a dream and an obsession. The 3-day competition includes everything from delicate chocolates to precarious six foot sugar sculptures and requires that the chefs have extraordinary skill nerves of steel and luck. The film follows Jacquy Pfeiffer founder of The French Pastry School in Chicago as he returns to France to compete against 15 of France's leading pastry chefs. The filmmakers were given first time/exclusive access to this high-stakes drama of passion sacrifice disappointment and joy in the quest to have President Sarkozy declare them one of the best in France.
58105 Based on the events surrounding the murder of British student Meredith Kercher.Hayden Panettiere (Heroes) and Marcia Gay Harden (Academy Award winner for Pollock) star in the Lifetime Original Movie Amanda Knox: Murder on Trial in Italy based on the international headline-grabbing story of the now infamous American exchange student accused by Italian authorities of brutally killing her roommate. Amanda Knox: Murder on Trial in Italy poses the question of whether Knox (Panettiere) the Seattle honors student accused of murdering her college roommate Meredith Kercher (Amanda Fernando Stevens) in 2007 with her boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito (Paolo Romio) and acquaintance Rudy Guede (Djirbi Kebe) actually committed the crime or was herself a victim.
58233 The most prominent heads of state in the world begin gathering for a conference that could have a major impact on global politics. When MI-7 receives word that the Chinese premier has become the target of some high-powered killers it falls on Johnny English to save the day. Armed with the latest high-tech weaponry and gadgets that would make even James Bond jealous the once-disgraced agent uncovers evidence of a massive conspiracy involving some of the world's most powerful organisations and vows to redeem his tarnished reputation by stopping the killers before they can strike.
58431 A zombie outbreak has fallen upon the land in this reimagining of Jane Austen's classic tale of the tangled relationships between lovers from different social classes in 19th century England. Feisty heroine Elizabeth Bennet is a master of martial arts and weaponry and the handsome Mr. Darcy is a fierce zombie killer yet the epitome of upper class prejudice. As the zombie outbreak intensifies they must swallow their pride and join forces on the blood-soaked battlefield in order to conquer the undead once and for all.
58474 2008's critically acclaimed debut album by The Airborne Toxic Event propelled the group onto a world wide stage. They sold hundreds of thousands of albums. Their hit 'Sometime Around Midnight' was named iTunes #1 Alternative Song of the Year. After two years of selling out concerts around the world the band finished by coming home and playing the most important show of their career. The LA Philharmonic asked the band to curate/perform their own show at the most prestigious musical building in the world Frank Gehry designed Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles. All I Ever Wanted is not a concert film it's a documentary about the struggles pain and persistence of being in a family. This family happens to be a rock band.
58491 EMULSION tells the story of a dejected salesman who is inadvertently drawn into a dangerous blackmail scheme that forces him to fight for control a life he never thought was worth living. Painting a murky film noir world where no one is exactly as they appear Emulsion follows Dane Allen as he evolves from an utterly forgettable cog into a potent activist who brings the powers that be to their knees. It is a story of discovery manipulation and the never-ending struggle between complacency and self-actualization.
58608 In 2009 in celebration of her new album Love Is the Answer  Barbra Streisand announced she would perform one special concert at the Village Vanguard in New York City New York. Streisand was backed by a quartet consisting of Tamir Hendelman (piano) Jeff Carney (bass) Brian Koonin (guitar) and Ray Marchica (drums). The audience included special guests and celebrity friends of Streisand such as Bill Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Sarah Jessica Parker Barry Diller and Diane von Fürstenberg Rosie O'Donnell Sandy Gallin Frank Rich Donna Karan Lea Michele and Nicole Kidman as well as 100 competition winners.
59001 A documentary telling the story of the newly reformed Take That. Global mega star 'Robbie Williams' rejoins his former band mates for the first time in over 15 years to record Take That's sixth studio album 'Progress'. 'Look Back Don't Stare' gives a brutally honest account of how Williams return to the group has affected the other four members and shows how the pressures of fame and the relentless power struggle for artistic leadership between Williams and Barlow contributed to the break up of one of the best selling bands of the 90's.
"59100 This film tells (using modern day interviews and archival footage and sound tapes) the story of how in 1967 while his band The Beach Boys triumphantly toured abroad Brian Wilson was trying to push the boundaries of conventional pop music with a new follow-up to the Beach Boys' cutting-edge mega-hit Pet Sounds. The new album was to be called ""SMiLE"". SMiLE pushed the envelope both musically and lyrically and was supposed to out-do the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper record. But Brian wasn't able to sell the project to his band-mates when they returned. The project was shelved and Wilson's well-documented decline into depression drug abuse recluseness and obesity had begun. Thirty-odd years later Wilson announced that in 2004 SMiLE would be performed live in its entirety in London. This film tells the story of a damaged but healing artist bringing his greatest work to light."
59168 Writer producer puppeteer songwriter--America's Favorite Neighbor takes a thorough look at the career of legendary children's television host Fred Rogers. Produced for Pittsburgh's WQED this informative documentary tracks his rise as floor manager for various NBC programs such as Your Hit Parade to the major awards he received later in life such as the Lifetime Achievement Award and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Along the way he's seen launching public TV programs The Children's Corner which featured a soon-to-be-famous puppet named King Friday and Canada's MisteRogers. The latter naturally was followed by Mister Rogers' Neighborhood which made its national debut in 1968 and would eventually became the longest running program in PBS history. Hosted by fellow Pennsylvania native Michael Keaton (Batman) who worked on his show in the early days America's Favorite Neighbor is suitable for all ages but is geared more towards adults particularly parents and educators.
59184 THE CLASH LIVE: REVOLUTION ROCK is an exciting new documentary film directed by long-time Clash collaborator and Grammy-winning producer Don Letts (Westway To The World) that chronicles the electric live performances of one of the most influential bands to emerge from the UK. The film follows the live transformation of the band incorporating footage from all phases of the Clash's meteoric career beginning with live-in-the-studio clips and climaxing with a blow-out performance at New York's Shea Stadium in 1982. With rare and previously unreleased footage from all over the world this film documents the history of the band by showcasing their incredible live performances and will be a draw for both the new fan and their established passionate followers.
59196 Lost Boys of Sudan is a feature-length documentary that follows two Sudanese refugees on an extraordinary journey from Africa to America. Orphaned as young boys in one of Africa's cruelest civil wars Peter Dut and Santino Chuor survived lion attacks and militia gunfire to reach a refugee camp in Kenya along with thousands of other children. From there remarkably they were chosen to come to America. Safe at last from physical danger and hunger a world away from home they find themselves confronted with the abundance and alienation of contemporary American suburbia
59206 This documentary takes an intimate look at the time Lennon Yoko Ono and their son Sean spent living in New York City during the 1970s. It features never-before heard studio recordings from the Double Fantasy sessions and never-before-seen outtakes from Lennon in concert and home movies that have only recently been transferred to video. It also features exclusive interviews with Ms. Ono who cooperated extensively with the production and offers an unprecedented level of access as well as with artists who worked closely with Lennon during this period including Elton John and photographer Bob Gruen (who took the iconic photograph of Lennon in front of the skyline wearing a “New York City” T-shirt).
59266 Portrayal of the late Bradford playwright Andrea Dunbar.  Andrea Dunbar wrote honestly and unflinchingly about her upbringing on the notorious Buttershaw Estate in Bradford and was described as ‘a genius straight from the slums.’ When she died tragically at the age of 29 in 1990 Lorraine was just ten years old.  The Arbor revisits the Buttershaw Estate where Dunbar grew up thirty years on from her original play telling the powerful true story of the playwright and her daughter Lorraine.  Also aged 29 Lorraine had become ostracised from her mother’s family and was in prison undergoing rehab. Re-introduced to her mother’s plays and letters the film follows Lorraine’s personal journey as she reflects on her own life and begins to understand the struggles her mother faced.
59406 This film explores the evolution of propaganda and public relations in the United States with an emphasis on the elitist theory of democracy and the relationship between war propaganda and class. Includes original interviews with a number of dissident scholars including Noam Chomsky Howard Zinn Michael Parenti Peter Phillips (Project Censored) John Stauber (PR Watch) Christopher Simpson (The Science of Coercion) and others. A deep richly illustrated study of the nature and history of propaganda featuring some of the world’s most insightful critics Psywar exposes the propaganda system providing crucial background and insight into the control of information and thought.
59430 It is the most anticipated yearly event in Sports Entertainment an annual pop culture touch point. For more than 25 years WrestleMania has hosted the biggest matches the biggest stars and the biggest celebrities. Now for the first time ever the story of WrestleMania is told from its early beginnings through the week-long spectacular it has become routinely drawing fans from all 50 states and around the world. This documentary feature includes new and insightful interviews from the superstars and creative forces behind the event.
59557 Assigned to accompany two priests on a mission to convert the court of Kublai Khan to Christianity Marco Polo is abandoned in the mountains when the priests doubting the very existence of China turn back. Polo eventually pushes bravely forth alone toward the fabled country where he is accepted as an envoy into Khan's court. Marooned on the far side of the world Polo accompanied by his servant Pedro advances as a Mongol grandee for twenty extraordinary years. What he eventually brings back with him to the West is a chronicle that changed history forever.
59709 It was the sister ship of the infamous Titanic... and its final destiny was the same. Experience the true untold story of Britannic a tumultuous epic voyage of human passion courage and betrayal aboard an ill-fated ocean liner bound for a shattering demise. With the world at war an undercover British agent (Amanda Ryan) embarks the Britannic in search of a German spy believed to be on board to sabotage the ship. Posing as a governess the undercover agent finds herself falling in love with the ship's chaplain (Edward Atterton). In a stunning discovery the lovers suddenly find themselves enemies of war. And when a massive explosion deals a deathblow to the ship their battle becomes one for their own survival. With a dynamic international cast and a story line that hosts a chilling tale of espionage politics and romance Britannic brings one of history's most devastating events to riveting new life.
59715 Actress JoBeth Williams directed this Showtime family feature starring The Sixth Sense's Mischa Barton for Barbra Streisand's Barwood Films. Barton is Frankie and Ingrid Uribe is Hazel Frankie's neighbor and best friend. Frankie is an orphan who lives with her imperious grandmother Phoebe (Joan Plowright) while Hazel lives with her father and older brother. Frankie's mother was a prima ballerina--killed in a car crash along with her father--and Frankie's been following in her toe shoes ever since. Although she's the best dancer in her class she'd rather play baseball whereas Hazel's a local activist who'd rather be mayor. The story strains credibility when 13-year-old Hazel runs for office against the middle-aged incumbent but Frankie's goal is more understandable and both actresses make their characters sympathetic and believable. It's as hard not to like them as it is not to root for them to succeed.
59967 In the futuristic action thriller Looper time travel will be invented but it will be illegal and only available on the black market. When the mob wants to get rid of someone they will send their target 30 years into the past where a looper a hired gun like Joe is waiting to mop up. Joe is getting rich and life is good until the day the mob decides to close the loop sending back Joe's future self for assassination.
"59971 On October 1 1975 World Heavyweight Boxing Champion Muhammad Ali was in the ring with his arch rival Joe Frazier for the third time. This fight in the Philippines which has been nicknamed ""Thrilla in Manila"" is considered one of the most dramatic boxing matches in history - in the words of the voice-over ""They hated each other."" With the help of archive material and eyewitness accounts (including Imelda Marcos) this documentary not only reconstructs the match but shows us what was happening behind the scenes as well."
60011 In the early to mid '90s when the South African system of apartheid was in its death throes four photographers - Greg Marinovich Kevin Carter Ken Oosterbroek and Joćo Silva - bonded by their friendship and a sense of purpose worked together to chronicle the violence and upheaval leading up to the 1994 election of Nelson Mandela as president. Their work is risky and dangerous potentially fatally so as they thrust themselves into the middle of chaotic clashes between forces backed by the government (including Inkatha Zulu warriors) and those in support of Mandela's African National Congress.
"60023 A gay young man  becomes involved with his blind employer's untrustworthy son.  Jared Price is a small town boy who arrives in Hollywood with a few hundred bucks and a lifetime of dreams. See how he handles each situation he gets into and grows in his understanding of who he is. When what he thinks is his first love turns out to be false see how he is helped and given the strength to stay in L.A. and try again. This film will remind you that love is worth waiting for and that there is always hope.  A hustler for a roommate a wealthy Hollywood executive for a boss a lonely blind woman and a loveable new best friend make ""The Journey of Jared Price"" an adventure you will never forget."
60089 After his parents decide to move to a retirement home in Florida professional gamer Quincy “Q”Johnson (Jerry Trainor) must find a way to raise 175000 dollars to buy his family home. After hearing about a tournament for the game “Black Hole” with a grand prize of 175500 dollars Quincy enters the tournament only to be faced with a new problem. An equally skilled gamer named Chris Saunders “Prodigy” (Jeanette McCurdy) has become the one block in Quincy’s plan defeating him at every turn. So he teams up with his friend Wendell (Amir Talai) to try and find ways to stop Chris from entering the tournament.
60109 The story of Lena the light-skinned daughter of an Aboriginal mother and Irish father and Vaughn a Murri boy doing time in a minimum security prison in North West NSW. Dramatic events throw them together on a journey with no money and no transport. To Lena Vaughn represents the life she is running away from. To Vaughn Lena embodies the society that has rejected him. And for a very short amount of time they experience a rare true happiness together.
"60126 In this sequel to the acclaimed videogame comedy PRESS START the world's most inexplicably accomplished evil sorcerer Count Vile has returned from Hades for a new bid at global domination. With original champions Zack and Sam already in his clutches it's up to their estranged ultraviolent comrade Lin-Ku and the bubbly positive-thinking Princess Xanna to save them – and the world – from disaster. PRESS START 2 CONTINUE also adds fan favorite characters from the ""Press Start Adventures"" animated web series including the sardonic vampire lord Vlad (David S. Humphrey Sonic Adventure 2 & Jack Keane) sinister succubus Morgan Le Slay and white-haired assassin Scarthcaroth. Web personalities Noah Antwiler Stuart Ashen Lindsey ""Z"" Briggs and X-Strike Studios' Tim Ekkebus & Rory O’Boyle also join the cast."
"60147 Night of Champions (2010) was a PPV that took place on September 19 2010 at the Allstate Arena in Chicago Illinois. It was the fourth annual event under the ""Night of Champions"" name and the tenth annual event under the Vengeance/Night of Champions chronology. Similar to the previous three events the concept of the show was that every championship in the company was defended at the event.  Randy Orton Sheamus Wade Barrett Edge John Cena and Chris Jericho competed in a Six-pack challenge elimination match for the WWE Championship. The Undertaker challenged Kane in a No Holds Barred match for the World Heavyweight Championship Daniel Bryan faced The Miz for the US Championship Dolph Ziggler faced Kofi Kingston for the IC Championship A Tag Team Turmoil match took place for the Tag Team Belts and The Big Show fought CM Punk in the first non title match at a Night of Champions PPV."
60230 Through a focus on the life of Dalton Trumbo (1905-1976) this film examines the effects on individuals and families of a congressional pursuit of Hollywood Communists after World War II. Trumbo was one of several writers directors and actors who invoked the First Amendment in refusing to answer questions under oath. They were blacklisted and imprisoned. We follow Trumbo to prison to exile in Mexico with his family to poverty to the public shunning of his children to his writing under others' names and to an eventual but incomplete vindication. Actors read his letters; his children and friends remember and comment. Archive photos newsreels and interviews add texture. Written by
"60379 Metallica perform live at the Olympic Main Stadium in Seoul Korea in 2006 as part of their ESCAPE FROM THE STUDIO tour. Setlist: Creeping Death / Fuel / Wherever I May Roam / Harvester of Sorrow / Welcome Home (Sanitarium) / Frantic / The Unforgiven / For Whom the Bell Tolls / Orion (preceded by Pink Floyd's ""One… more ) / Master of Puppets / Fade to Black / Battery / Sad but True / Nothing Else Matters / One / Enter Sandman / The Other New Song / Seek & Destroy"
60394 Everyone has a skeleton or two in his or her closet but what about the director behind some of the most successful thrillers ever to hit the silver screen? Could M. Night Shyamalan be hiding a deep dark secret that drives his macabre cinematic vision? Now viewers will be able to find out firsthand what fuels The Sixth Sense director's seemingly supernatural creativity as filmmakers interview Shyamalan as well as the cast and crew members who have worked most closely with him over the years. Discover the early events that shaped the mind of a future master of suspense in a documentary that is as fascinating as it is revealing.
"60557 Chronicles the history of the game ""Super Columbine Massacre RPG!."" The film traces back the 16-bit role-playing game to its inception through the 2006 shooting at Dawson College in which the game was singled out by the media as a ""murder simulator"" that ""trained"" the shooter and finally the game's removal from the list of finalists at the Slamdance 2007 Guerrilla Gamemaker Competition - prompting half the entries and a sponsor to pull out of the festival in protest. Written by tolka"
60821 Middleton prepares for its bicentennial and Grey House is to be the party venue. Good witch Cassie is remodeling it as B&amp;B. her first and only guest Nick Chasen claims to be a distant relative. He produces papers to prove he's the heir of the builder colonial era captain Hamblin while the Grey lady was his mistress and stole it. Police chief and lover Jake Russell goes all the way to motivate her to fight and disprove the claim before she's effectively disowned. Brandon is dared to pass a rascals-initiation by local brat Steve and Duke. George's gardening skills lead to romance.
"60858 The year is 1732. John Wesley an irritatingly self-righteous instructor at Oxford is offered the chance to go to the new colony of Georgia where he hopes to preach to the Indians. John struggles with his failure and fears and is finally experiences the peace he longed for: ""I felt my heart strangely warmed."" Wesley begins to preach about his experience of saving faith but is turned out of most churches in London. Despite opposition mob violence that seeks to break up their meetings Wesley and his ""Methodies"" establish social ministries to the poor that transformed the face of England. Today almost 75 million people worldwide trace their spiritual heritage back to John Wesley."
60895 Inspired by a true story “Beyond the Blackboard” is about a 24-year-old first-time teacher who makes a difference in the lives of the homeless children she teaches in a shelter’s makeshift classroom. Set in 1987 in Albuquerque New Mexico this movie tells the story a brand-new teacher and Mom who is given a tougher than expected teaching job and winds up teaching homeless children in a school that is housed in a room and called literally The School with No Name. She has some personal prejudicial hurdles to cross before she is able to be a true teacher for these children and of course there are hurdles like the lack of books and supplies.
61198 Director Mark Wexler embarks on a worldwide trek to investigate just what it means to grow old and what it could mean to really live forever. But whose advice should he take? Does 94-year-old exercise guru Jack LaLanne have all the answers or does Buster a 101-year-old chain-smoking beer-drinking marathoner? What about futurist Ray Kurzweil a laughter yoga expert or an elder porn star? Wexler explores the viewpoints of delightfully unusual characters alongside those of health fitness and life-extension experts in this engaging new documentary which challenges our notions of youth and aging with comic poignancy. Begun as a study in life-extension How To Live Forever evolves into a thought-provoking examination of what truly gives life meaning.
"61348 A young and cynical female journalist learns love may transcend trials and time as she discovers a story that will change her life forever. When war separates lovers on their wedding anniversary Feb. 14 1944 at LA Union Train Station Navy pilot Neil Thomas makes a promise he isn't sure he can keep - to return to the train station safe by their next anniversary. For sixty years Caroline Thomas keeps her promise by waiting at the train station until her missing in action husband can finally keep his with the ""lost valentine."" The message and meaning shows romance and love can be real; worth fighting and maybe even dying for."
61372 In LONG STORY SHORT Colin Quinn focuses his articulate brand of comedy on the demise of empires including our own. More than standup comedy LONG STORY SHORT is a hilarious blend of incisive observation sharp commentary and Colin's channeling of the personalities of the past. From Socrates to Snooki Quinn is at his satirical best taking on the attitudes appetites and bad habits that toppled the world's most powerful nations. Long Story Short proves that throughout human history the joke has always been on us.
61410 It's South Africa 1990. Two major events are about to happen: The release of Nelson Mandela and more importantly it's Spud Milton's first year at an elite boys only private boarding school. John Milton is a boy from an ordinary background who wins a scholarship to a private school in Kwazulu-Natal South Africa. Surrounded by boys with nicknames like Gecko Rambo Rain Man and Mad Dog Spud has his hands full trying to adapt to his new home. Along the way Spud takes his first tentative steps along the path to manhood. (The path it seems could be a rather long road). Spud is an only child. He is cursed with parents from well beyond the lunatic fringe and a senile granny. His dad is a fervent anti-communist who is paranoid that the family domestic worker is running a shebeen from her room at the back of the family home. His mom is a free spirit and a teenager's worst nightmare whether it's shopping for Spud's underwear in the local supermarket
"61537 Before Sam Axe teamed up with Michael and Fiona he was Commander Axe U.S. Navy SEAL. The Fall of Sam Axe tells the story of how Sam went from respected Naval Commander to the man of mystery we've come to know on Burn Notice. On what will turn out to be Sam's last military mission he is sent to the jungles of Colombia to investigate claims of a vicious terrorist organization known only as the ""Espada Ardiente"" (Flaming Sword). His mission: to determine whether U.S. military aid is necessary to deal with the threat. But when he arrives things are more complicated than he'd imagined. He receives word that the rebels have targeted a small civilian clinic deep in the jungle. Sam must now save the clinic's doctors and patients from certain death. However nothing is as it seems and the Espada Ardiente may not be the biggest threat Sam Axe faces."
61717 It is the story of an average popular American teenager named Wendy Wu who discovers that in order to win the coveted crown she must first learn the way of the warrior. Wendy Wu has a one track mind and that track leads directly to the title of homecoming queen -- no unscheduled stops and no unnecessary detours. When a mysterious Chinese monk named Shen arrives to mold Wendy into a fearless kung fu warrior however her royal aspirations suddenly jump the track as she desperately attempts to juggle her boyfriend her homework and of course the fierce competition to become homecoming queen. Now as Wendy begins to train her mind body and spirit in the ancient tradition of the martial arts and her inner warrior gradually begins to emerge the girl who once obsessed over popularity finally begins to put that popularity into perspective as she gradually realizes what truly matters in life.
61719 Years after his wife Kate died Ned Stevens still cringes at the thought of dating other women. After all why would he start dating again when he still has to look out for his daughter Liz? But when Liz comes home for a visit from college she brings a surprise guest who will throw Ned for a loop. Can Ned ever accept that his little girl has fallen in love with David a practically perfect know-it-all who drives Ned crazy?
61854 Apple. Intel. Genentech. Atari. Google. Cisco. Stratospheric successes with high stakes all around. Behind some of the world's most revolutionary companies are a handful of men who (through timing foresight a keen ability to size up other people and a lot of luck) saw opportunity where others did not: these are the original venture capitalists. All were backing and building companies before the term 'venture capital' had been coined: companies that led to the birth of biotechnology and the spectacular growth in microprocessors personal computers and the web. SOMETHING VENTURED uncovers the ups and downs of the building of some of the greatest companies of the twentieth century and the hidden dramas behind some of the most famous names in business.
62177 Brave is set in the mystical Scottish Highlands where Mérida is the princess of a kingdom ruled by King Fergus and Queen Elinor. An unruly daughter and an accomplished archer Mérida one day defies a sacred custom of the land and inadvertently brings turmoil to the kingdom. In an attempt to set things right Mérida seeks out an eccentric old Wise Woman and is granted an ill-fated wish. Also figuring into Mérida’s quest — and serving as comic relief — are the kingdom’s three lords: the enormous Lord MacGuffin the surly Lord Macintosh and the disagreeable Lord Dingwall.
62255 An ex-Boer war guerrilla in New Zealand is sent out to bring back a Maori accused of killing a British soldier. Gradually they grow to know and respect one another but a posse led by the British Commanding officer is close behind and his sole intention is to see the Maori hang. Written by Filmfinders 1903. A guerilla fighter from the South African Boer war called Arjan (Winstone) takes on a manhunt for Maori seaman Kereama (Morrison) who is accused of murdering a British soldier. What follows is a cat and mouse pursuit through the varied landscape of NZ with both hunter and huntee testing their bushcraft and wits against that of the other. Written by Anonymous
"62323 This documentary takes a piercing investigative look at the economic political and ecological implications of the worldwide disappearance of the honeybee. The film examines our current agricultural landscape and celebrates the ancient and sacred connection between man and the honeybee. The story highlights the positive changes that have resulted due to the tragic phenomenon known as ""Colony Collapse Disorder."" To empower the audience the documentary provides viewers with tangible solutions they can apply to their everyday lives. Vanishing of the Bees unfolds as a dramatic tale of science and mystery illuminating this extraordinary crisis and its greater meaning about the relationship between humankind and Mother Earth. The bees have a message - but will we listen?"
62340 Mariah Carey the top-selling female artist of all time with sales of over 160 million units worldwide took her newest show on the road in 2006 for the first time in more than three years. The Adventures of Mimi her most successful tour ever shaped up to be a grand celebration drawing on songs—many performed for the first time ever—from her 15-year career. Shot in High Definition and recorded in Digital Surround Sound this large-scale sold-out arena production produced by legendary Award Winning Producer Ken Ehrlich is your all-access pass to see Mariah belt out everything from power ballads to hip-hop tracks. It is a fantasy come true to see and hear an artist of this magnitude touch the hearts and souls of so many with her famous five-octave voice.
62501 Sisters of War is a World War II memoir that re-creates events in New Britain during the Japanese invasion and occupation. It is a story about the Daughters of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart especially Sister Berenice Twohill and her working friendship with nursing sister Lorna Whyte. The Australians pulled out of the mission in Vunapope outside Rabaul leaving the nurses and wounded who took refuge there. They were captured and about to be executed when Bishop Leo Scharmach MSC bluffed the Japanese by saying that he was the representative of Hitler and his people could not be executed.
"62527 Johnny Kapahala a teen snowboarding champion from Vermont returns to Oahu Hawaii for the wedding of his hero -- his grandfather local surf legend Johnny Tsunami -- and to catch a few famous Kauai waves. When Johnny arrives he meets his new family including ""Uncle Chris"" (the 12-year-old son of his new step-grandmother) who resents the upcoming marriage. Chris's only interest is to join a mountain boarding crew led by a teenage bully. When Johnny's grandfather and his new wife open a surf shop that also caters to mountain boarders they are soon embroiled in a turf war with a rival shop owner who wants to shut their business down."
"62548 Survivor Series (2001) was the fifteenth annual Survivor Series PPV and was presented by Microsoft's Xbox. It took place on November 18 2001 at the Greensboro Coliseum in Greensboro North Carolina. This PPV marked the end of The Invasion angle. The main event was a 10 Man Elimination Tag Team Match featuring The Rock Chris Jericho Kane The Big Show and The Undertaker vs. Steve Austin Kurt Angle Rob Van Dam Booker T and Shane McMahon Several titles were put on the line in unification matches. The WWF Intercontinental/WCW U.S. Title had Edge vs. Test the WWF/WCW Tag Team Titles were unified in a Steel Cage match with The Dudley Boyz vs. The Hardy Boyz the WWF European Title was defended by Christian vs. Al Snow and there was an ""Immunity Battle Royal"" to get protection from being fired by which-ever brand came out on top."
62668 Depicts the story of Jalen Rose and his other Fab Five teammates Chris Webber Juwan Howard Jimmy King and Ray Jackson. Called by some “the greatest class ever recruited” the five freshmen not only electrified the game but also brought new style with their baggy shorts black socks and brash talk. “The Fab Five” relives the recruitment process that got all five of them to Ann Arbor the cultural impact they made the two runs to NCAA title game the Webber “timeout” in the 1993 championship and the scandal that eventually tarnished their accomplishments.
62677 After being denied a promotion at the university where she teaches Doctor Lily Penleric a brilliant musicologist impulsively visits her sister who runs a struggling rural school in Appalachia. There she stumbles upon the discovery of her life - a treasure trove of ancient Scots-Irish ballads songs that have been handed down from generation to generation preserved intact by the seclusion of the mountains. With the goal of securing her promotion Lily ventures into the most isolated areas of the mountains to collect the songs and finds herself increasingly enchanted.
62944 Recorded at Hyde Park in London June 17th 2006 this 76 minute performance sees the Foo Fighters rock through some of their most popular material in front of a massive crowd quoted in some media as nearly 100000 people. At the time of this show the band were touring in support of their excellent double album In Your Honor. There have been a number of different members come and go in this band however their current line-up has been the most stable.
63205 Extreme Rules was a PPV presented by WowWee's Paper Jamz which took place on May 1 2011 at the St. Pete Times Forum in Tampa Florida. It was the third Extreme Rules event.  The main event was a Triple Threat Steel Cage match for the WWE Championship with The Miz defending the title against John Cena and John Morrison. Another main event was a Ladder match for the vacant World Heavyweight title between Christian and Alberto Del Rio. The undercard featured a Lumberjack match for the WWE tag team Championship between The Corre and Big with Kane Mysterio fought Cody Rhodes in a Falls Count Anywhere match Sheamus defended the US Championship in a Tables match against Kofi Kingston and Randy Orton wrestled CM Punk in a Last Man Standing match.
63290 Is heavy manual labour disappearing or is it just becoming invisible? Where can we still find it in the 21st century? Workingman's Death follows the trail of the HEROES in the illegal mines of the Ukraine sniffs out GHOST among the sulphur workers in Indonesia finds itself face to face with LIONS at a slaughterhouse in Nigeria mingles with BROTHERS as they cut a huge oil tanker into pieces in Pakistan and joins Chinese steel workers in hoping for a glorious FUTURE.
"63358 In 1938 Edith Hahn was a Viennese law student - a ""Christmas-tree Jew"" with a gentile boyfriend. In 1942 she was living under an assumed name in Munich and married to Werner Vetter a Nazi party member who was later drafted into the Wehrmacht. Based on Hahn's acclaimed memoir ""The Nazi Officer's Wife"" is the riveting account of how she survived the Holocaust by posing as an Aryan hausfrau. Despite the risks she kept painstaking records including real and falsified documents and photos of labor camps. These moving artifacts along with testimony from Hahn and her daughter bring this tale of survival resilience and redemption to life."
"63371 In 2010 a-ha launched their final world tour in South America. The ""Ending on a High Note"" tour was a live celebration of a-ha's 25 year career which included stops in 63 cities in 21 countries and culminated in 4 concerts in their home town of Oslo last December. The band's last ever live concert took place on December 4 2010 and that one was recorded for release.  1. The Sun Always Shines on TV  2. Move to Memphis  3. The Blood that Moves the Body  4. Scoundrel Days  5. The Swing of Things  6. Forever Not Yours  7. Stay on these Roads  8. Manhattan Skyline  9. Hunting High and Low  10. We're Looking for the Wales  11. Butterfly Butterfly (The Last Hurrah)  12. Crying in the Rain  13. Minor Earth Major Sky  14. Summer Moved On  15. I've Been Losing You  16. Foot of the Mountain  17. Cry Wolf  18. Analogue  19. The Living Daylights  20. Take on Me"
63579 From the team behind Man on Wire comes the story of Nim the chimpanzee who in the 1970s became the focus of a landmark experiment which aimed to show that an ape could learn to communicate with language if raised and nurtured like a human child. Following Nim's extraordinary journey through human society and the enduring impact he makes on the people he meets along the way the film is an unflinching and unsentimental biography of an animal we tried to make human. What we learn about his true nature - and indeed our own - is comic revealing and profoundly unsettling.
"63869 James Isaac Neutron pint-sized kid genius with the wild pompadour and the robot dog Goddard is a weirdly marvelous creation in this age of brain-dead Saturday mornings. His vocabulary is consistently challenging—even for some adults—and his ideas are insanely intricate and fun and yet he retains that aura of silliness and ridiculousness so vital to kids' programming. The show's Retroville setting is a perfectly vivid and colorful environment for Jimmy to thrive in. Characters interacting with Jimmy include his pie-obsessed dad Hugh Neutron his loving 50s-TV-show-patterned mom Judy and his friends—Far Side-inspired Carl Ultralord-obsessed Sheen and Kirsten Dunst-soundalike Cindy. It's a fun ensemble whose actions appeal to the kiddie set but whose words often aim for the parents. You get fart jokes combined with quotes from Shakespeare and words like ""exacerbate."""
63943 Manchester North of England 1975. The now much diminished but still dysfunctional Khan family continues to struggle for survival. Sajid the youngest Khan is deep in pubescent crisis under heavy assault both from his father's tyrannical insistence on Pakistani tradition and from the fierce bullies in the schoolyard. So in a last desperate attempt to 'sort him out' his father decides to pack him off to Mrs Khan No 1 and family in the Punjab the wife and daughters he had abandoned 35 years earlier.
63956 Buddy Visalo (Michael Rispoli) is a factory worker a frustrated crooner who once had a shot at the big time. Buddy's dreams of greatness have been reduced to an endless series of failed moneymaking schemes. His latest is buying a two-family house for him and his wife Estelle (Katherine Narducci) and converting the ground floor into a neighborhood bar where he can perform. The wrench in the works is that he also inherits the upstairs tenants Marya pregnant Irish girl fresh off the boat (Kelly Macdonald) and her abusive alcoholic husband Jim (Kevin Conway). As Buddy's gang of Italians tries to handle the situation the girl goes into labor and a baby is born forcing them all to confront the limits of their tolerance and compassion.
63973 A definitive live concert film documenting AC/DC’s massive Black Ice World Tour. Shot in December of 2009 AC/DC Live at River Plate marks AC/DC’s triumphant return to Buenos Aires where nearly 200000 fans and 3 sold-out shows welcomed the band back after a 13 year absence from Argentina. This stunning live footage of AC/DC underscores what Argentina’s Pagina 12 newspaper reported by saying “no one is on the same level when it comes to pure and clear Rock ‘n Roll.”
63990 In an era in which it is difficult for the true emotion and excitement Feliks Falk found the key to the human heart. How many of us love? How much we are able to self-sacrifice? Is there a price that can not pay when it comes to life of a loved one? Are we really as good as we think about yourself? In Joanna's life is given forever. Today's friend suddenly becomes an enemy. Reflex heart turns into a curse. When one of the lonely woman takes care of little girls-czynkę do not know that from now on her life will be sweet - bitter taste. Fate in this film is everything. Allows people to find that in a moment blow and lead to separation. After-forgives love for which you have to pay a huge price. Fulfills the promise of happiness loneliness brittle as glass.
"64350 Wolves have been demonized for centuries blood thirsty beasts haunting our nightmares. We were determined to dispel this myth and show the true nature of wolves. Compassionate family animals both playful and affectionate. For six years in a tented camp in the wilderness of Idaho we lived among a pack of wolves listening to them earning their trust.Now in ""Living With Wolves"" we share more of the story of The Sawtooth Pack first told in our two-time Emmy Award-winning documentary Wolves at Our Door. Our own lives brought together by a devotion to wildlife were forever changed by these elusive intelligent animals who accepted us. Overcoming forest fires marauding mountain lions and sub-zero winters we share with you a heart-warming and unique partnership of human and predator built on trust and defying the storm of controversy surrounding the wolf."
"64432 Over time the people residing on Swampland began to take on new forms their modified DNA altering their physiology to better suit their new environment. Generations passed and their original forms were forgotten; these humans had evolved into a new race: the Frogmen.If history (and genetics for that matter) shows us anything it is that there is always variety.The genetic ""success"" of the Frogmen was also mirrored by the ""achievements"" of another group of human descent: the Cockroaches otherwise known as the T-zhu Alliance. The brutal T-Hy poured out into the galaxy seeking new territories resources and the data crystals left by the original human explorers. The T-Hy's material driven hunger broke the peaceful lives of the Frogmen forcing them to take up arms in order to stop the T-Hy's insatiable ambitions. So began the MALO war."
"64566 In 1973 the Loud family became a television sensation of a new kind. It was long before a metal rock star showed his eccentric family on the small screen and decades before housewives had screaming matches with each other on camera in public. CINEMA VERITE tells the behind-the-scenes story of the groundbreaking documentary ""An American Family"" which chronicled the lives of the Louds in the early 1970s and catapulted the Santa Barbara family to notoriety while creating a new television genre: the reality TV series."
64780 Over a quarter of a century since it began and a decade after it folded this is the definitive film about Creation Records one of the world's most successful and colorful independent labels. This is the story of the rock n roll dream and its accompanying nightmares. Millions of sales on both sides of the Atlantic near bankruptcy pills thrills spats prats success excess pick me ups breakdowns and of course some of THE defining music of the late 20th Century. This is the definitive and fully authorised story of the UK's most inspired and dissolute label from the Jesus &amp; Mary Chain at the Living Room to Oasis at Knebworth.
64797 The return of a vengeful ex-girlfriend sets into motion a series of gruesome events for a hapless Irish bachelor in director Robert Quinn's grim black comedy. Tommy (Andrew Scott) had thought he had seen the last of Jean (Katy Davis) after their recent breakup but when she returns to stake her claim on Tommy's apartment the confrontation that ensues makes their previous quarrels look petty by comparison. After leaving the apartment in the head of the fight to cool his head and gather his thoughts he returns only to find that Jean has died and enlists the aid of his friend Noel (Darren Healy) in ditching the body and ensuring that no one ever finds out what happened.
64924 The Weight of Chains is a Canadian documentary film that takes a critical look at the role that the US NATO and the EU played in the tragic breakup of a once peaceful and prosperous European state - Yugoslavia. The film bursting with rare stock footage never before seen by Western audiences is a creative first-hand look at why the West intervened in the Yugoslav conflict with an impressive roster of interviews with academics diplomats media personalities and ordinary citizens of the former Yugoslav republics. This film also presents positive stories from the Yugoslav wars - people helping each other regardless of their ethnic background stories of bravery and self-sacrifice.
"64977 Over the Limit (2011) was a PPV which took place on May 22 2011 at the KeyArena in Seattle Washington. It was the second Over the Limit event.  The main event was an I Quit match for the WWE Championship between defending champion John Cena and The Miz. In the second main event Randy Orton defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Christian. In a heavily promoted match Jerry Lawler and Michael Cole faced off in a ""Kiss My Foot"" match. Big Show and Kane defended the Tag Team Championship against The New Nexus (CM Punk and Mason Ryan). Other matches include Sin Cara vs Chavo Mysterio vs R-Truth and Ezekiel Jackson vs Wade Barrett."
65075 In 1955 Tobias Schneebaum disappeared into the depths of the Peruvian Amazon. He had no guide no map and only the vaguest of instructions: Keep the river on your right. A year later Schneebaum emerged from the jungle…naked covered in body paint and a modern-day cannibal.  Titled after Schneebaum’s 1969 cult classic memoir about his formative experiences living in the Amazon Keep The River On Your Right is the extraordinary stranger-than-fiction story of Schneebaum’s return to the jungle 45 years after his original visit to reunite with the very tribesmen he loved and who gave him nightmares for nearly half a century. A deeply affecting and searing portrait sibling filmmakers Laurie and David Shapiro capture a man in utter conflict a fearless adventurer and one of the most charming enigmatic and perplexing men ever captured on screen.
65076 The film Morning Sun attempts in the space of a two-hour documentary film to create an inner history of the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution (c.1964-1976). It provides a multi-perspective view of a tumultuous period as seen through the eyes—and reflected in the hearts and minds—of members of the high-school generation that was born around the time of the founding of the People’s Republic of China in 1949 and that came of age in the 1960s. Others join them in creating in the film’s conversation about the period and the psycho-emotional topography of high-Maoist China as well as the enduring legacy of that period.
65086 The story follows a young lawyer Arthur Kipps who is ordered to travel to a remote village and sort out a recently deceased client’s papers. As he works alone in the client’s isolated house Kipps begins to uncover tragic secrets his unease growing when he glimpses a mysterious woman dressed only in black. Receiving only silence from the locals Kipps is forced to uncover the true identity of the Woman in Black on his own leading to a desperate race against time when he discovers her true identity.
65159 Be the first to see the entire groundbreaking premiere of the pivotal Hanna Montana Season Three Finale! In Miley Says Goodbye? watch as Miley struggles with her biggest decision yet! Will she leave her rock-star life in Malibu to return home to her Tennessee roots to be with her favorite horse Blue Jeans? In these 6 episodes from the Emmy-nominated series including the finale that you can check out on DVD first Miley must take control of her own life and listen to her heart. In this fully loaded DVD David Archuleta (from American Idol) guest stars and Cody Linley returns as Jake in an hour-long episode that has Miley thinking He Could Be The One. And you won't believe the exclusive alternate ending! Add in incredible bonus features like Sister Secrets! and Hannah's Highlights and you've got the ultimate extra special Hannah Montana event DVD that you won't want to miss!
65215 The major sub-plot circles around the youngest Griffin Stewie who has a near-death experience at a pool when a lifeguard chair falls on him but he survives. After having a vision of being in Hell he decides to change his ways but this doesn't last long. While watching television he and Brian spot a man that looks like Stewie. Brian is convinced that he is Stewie's real father until Stewie learns that the man is actually himself as an adult taking a vacation from his own time period. Baby Stewie visits thirty years later to discover that his adult self going by the name Stu is a single blue-collar middle-aged virgin working at a Circuit City-type store. Meanwhile Peter and Lois are trying to teach their two older kids Meg and Chris to date. In the future Chris who hasn't changed much is working as a cop and is married to a foul-mouthed hustler named Vanessa. Meg is now called Ron since she had a sex-change after college. Written by pepperann210
"65413 The Unitas u/21 rugby team hero Wimpie Koekemoer is offered a contract to play rugby in England. Katrien rehearses a play with autistic children while doing everything in her power to keep Wimpie in the country. Fanie is struggling to get used to Christie's post-high school chubby body and Japie is experiencing a very embarrassing problem in his sexual pursuit of Liezl... Muscle man Werner ""Killer"" Botha joins the Unitas rugby team and threatens Wimpie's position in the team. (Written by Henk Pretorius)"
"65540 Survivor Series (2005) was the 19th annual Survivor Series PPV. It was presented by NovaLogic's Delta Force: Black Hawk Down and took place on November 27 2005 at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit Michigan and featured wrestlers from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The first of the main events was an interpromotional 5-on-5 Survivor Series match a type of elimination match between Team SmackDown! (Batista Rey Mysterio John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield (JBL) Bobby Lashley and Randy Orton) and Team Raw (Shawn Michaels Kane The Big Show Carlito and Chris Masters). The other main event was a standard wrestling match between wrestlers from the Raw brand in which WWE Champion John Cena defended his title against Kurt Angle. Another match was a Last Man Standing match between Triple H and Ric Flair."
65660 His latest offering from serial horror movie director Melanie Ansley is sure to send a chill down your spine. Charles a western reporter is exiled to a small village in south china where he discovers the most extraordinary story... He finds a small town whose folk move in an eerily slow manner carrying out the strangest of deeds. Weirdly enough the town cemetery is entirely barren. With only his wits about him he must survive this quite literally dead town... and break the story to the rest of the world. The answers he finds will take him on an epic journey.
"65724 The film follows three young men as they are drawn into lives of crime. Nick (Crowley) uses his entry-level corporate job to commit credit card fraud and deals drugs on the side. K-Luv (Mackie) is a member of the ""V-Dubs"" an African-American street gang. Lincoln (Leung) is a rising figure in the Chinese mafia. Gentrification forces Nick's family to move out of their home in the Mission District into Hunter's Point where they are harassed by the V-Dubs. K-Luv's side business of selling bootleg compact discs leads him to enlist Nick's help to bootleg CDs and to negotiate a truce with Lincoln. Lincoln conducts an affair with his boss' daughter Angela (Carpio) a Stanford student engaged to a medical student classmate."
65745 Elton John performs some of his biggest hits and several fan favourites in Elton 60: Live at Madison Square Garden. The release features appearances onstage by comedians Robin Williams and Whoopi Goldberg as well as special remarks to the audience by lyricist Bernie Taupin. The concert was recorded on Elton's 60th birthday 25 March 2007 and coincides with his world record-setting 60th concert at Madison Square Garden in New York City. In addition to his regular band a choir also performs on several songs.
65826 Elimination Chamber (2011) was PPV presented by the National Guard[5] which took place on February 20 2011 at the Oracle Arena in Oakland California. It was the second annual Elimination Chamber event.  2 Elimination Chamber matches took place. the first for the World heavyweight Championship featured defending champion Edge against Rey Mysterio Kane Drew McIntyre Big Show and Wade Barrett.  The other was for a WWE Championship match at Wrestlemania XXVII with CM Punk John Cena John Morrison Sheamus Randy Orton and R-Truth competing. Jerry Lawler challenged The Miz for his WWE Championship in a singles match and The Corre challenged Santino and Vladimir Kozlov for the tag team Championships.
65827 Survivor Series (2010) was a PPV that took place on November 21 2010 at the American Airlines Arena in Miami Florida. It was the 24th annual Survivor Series event.  The main event was a Pinfall and submissions only match for the WWE Championship between defending champion Randy Orton and Wade Barrett with John Cena as the special guest referee.  A second main event was a singles match for the World Heavyweight Championship between Kane and Edge.  An annual 5-on-5 Survivor Series elimination match between Team Mysterio (Mysterio Kofi Chris Masters Big Show and MVP) and Team Del Rio (Alberto Del Rio Tyler Reks Drew McIntyre Swagger and Cody Rhodes).
65828 TLC: Tables Ladders & Chairs (2010) was a PPV that took place on December 19 2010 at the Toyota Center in Houston Texas. It was the second annual TLC: Tables Ladders & Chairs event.  The main event was a non-title Chairs match between John Cena and Wade Barrett. Kane defended the World Heavyweight Championship in a Four-Way TLC match against Edge Alberto Del Rio and Rey Mysterio while The Miz defended the WWE Championship against Randy Orton in a Tables match. Other matches include a Ladder match between John Morrison and King Sheamus to determine the number 1 contendership for the WWE Championship a Tag Team Title rematch between Santino Marella with Vladimir Kozlov against Just Gabriel and Heath Slater and a Triple Threat Ladder match for the Intercontinental Championship between defending champ Dolph Ziggler Kofi Kingston and Jack Swagger.
65829 Capitol Punishment was a PPV which took place on June 19 2011 at the Verizon Center in Washington D.C. In 2012 this pay-per-view was replaced by the returning WWE No Way Out and in 2013 with WWE Payback.  4 title defenses rtook place all in singles matches. This included John Cena defending against R-Truth for the WWE Championship Randy Orton defending against Christian for the World Heavyweight Championship Wade Barrett defending against Ezekiel Jackson for the Intercontinental Championship and Kofi Kingston defending against Dolph Ziggler for the United States Championship. Other matches included Jack Swagger vs Evan Bourne Mysterio vs CM Punk Big Show vs Alberto Del Rio and Alex Riley vs The Miz.
66046 In 1980 young George O'Dowd baffles his parents with his love of frocks and make-up and moves into a squat with kindred spirit Peter who dresses as Marilyn Monroe and calls himself Marilyn. They make a splash at Steve Strange's trendy Blitz Club where George gets a job in the cloakroom but George is unlucky in his relationships with men until he meets wannabe musician Kirk. Through Kirk George meets the handsome drummer Jon Moss on whom he develops a crush but sacked by the Blitz and spurned by Kirk George turns to Sex Pistols' manager Malcolm McLaren to further his music career. George's spell with McLaren's group Bow Wow Wow is short but fan Mikey North is impressed and asks George to sing in a group he is forming where George again meets Jon. They will have an affair and the group will become the very successful Culture Club. Four years later however hounded by the tabloid press amid stories of his drug addiction an unhappy George turns to Jon for advice on his future.
66119 Bragging Rights (2010) was a PPV that took place on October 24 2010 at the Target Center in Minneapolis Minnesota. It was the second and final Bragging Rights event.  The primary match of the evening was a 14-man interpromotional elimination tag match for 'ragging right' between the two brands. Smackdown was represented by Big Show Mysterio Swagger Alberto Del Rio Edge Tyler Reks and Kofi while Team raw was composed of The Miz R-Truth Shaemus Santino John Morrison CM Punk and Ezekiel Jackson. The main event was a singles match for the WWE Championship with Randy Orton defending the title against Wade Barrett with the stipulation that if Barrett lost John Cena would be fired. A second main event was a Buried Alive match for the World Heavyweight Championship between defending champion Kane and The Undertaker.
66124 David Byrne is a visual artist as well as a musician and ever since his early days as a member of Talking Heads he's wanted his concerts to be more than just a static performance. In 1984 Byrne and filmmaker Jonathan Demme redefined the boundaries of the concert film with the Talking Heads documentary STOP MAKING SENSE and more than 25 years later Byrne has teamed up with David Hillman to create RIDE RISE ROAR which documents Byrne's 2008-2009 concert tour in which he performs new material written in collaboration with Brian Eno as well as favorites from his solo career as well as his tenure in Talking Heads. Using costumes and inventive choreography Byrne and his musicians and dancers give his music a stage presentation as exciting as the music.
66667 Set in the 1800's the town of Flat ridge is over run by a band of outlaws looking for lost treasure said to be buried somewhere in town. In their quest for dominance the outlaws kill Sally a whore who happens to be the sister of Rachel and a 1/5 member of the Roses Gang. With the weight of grief on her heart Rachel decides to shed her new found religious faith to bring vengeance upon her sister's killers. After placing Sally to rest she goes in search of her former posse to assist her in the reckoning of the outlaws wrong doing.
67026 Известный профессор нетрадиционных наук узнает что на его «малой родине» в далекой деревушке происходят странные вещи не поддающиеся логическому осмыслению. Командировав своего ассистента на место происшествий профессор не подозревает о невероятных событиях к которым приведет приезд «упакованного» городского научного работника. Молодой ученый пишет диссертацию на тему «Психодинамика колдовства» и пытается доказать что явлений описанных в исторических судах над ведьмами быть не может. Но передвигать предметы одним взглядом в одно мгновение перемещаться на любые расстояния читать чужие мысли и в одиночку сражаться с целой армией — все это умеет симпатичная местная девчонка папаша которой безуспешно пытается выдать юную колдунью замуж…
67037 Jeff Beck played 5 night at Ronnie Scott's Club in Soho London with special guests - this is a record of those nights. 1. Beck's Bolero / 2. Eternity's Breath / 3. Stratus / 4. Cause We've Ended As Lovers / 5. Behind The Veil / 6. You Never Know / 7. Nadia / 8. Blast From The East / 9. Led Boots / 10. Angel (Footsteps) / 11. People Get Ready (with JOSS STONE) / 12. Scatterbrain / 13. Goodbye Pork Pie Hat / Brush With The Blues / 14. Space Boogie / 15. Blanket (with IMOGEN HEAP) / 16. Big Block / 17. A Day In The Life / 18. Little Brown Bird (with ERIC CLAPTON) / 19. You Need Love (with ERIC CLAPTON) / 20. Rollin' And Tumblin' (with IMOGEN HEAP) / 21. Where Were You
67050 On June 6th 1944 the largest military invasion and defence the world has ever seen occurred. D-Day tells the epic story of the preparation and execution of the Allied invasion of Normandy. It tells the story of the defence of the Western Front by the forces of the German Empire and of the complex and deadly secret war fought by the men and women of France and mainland Europe. D-Day brings to life the dramatic and astounding tales of courage and sacrifice joy and despair love and betrayal. The planning for the Allied invasion on June 6th 1944 took two years and cost thousands of lives. It involved a deception of breathtaking audacity. Both the preparation leading up to and the actions and events on the day itself relied on the absolute discretion of many and the genius and nerve of a few. D-Day examines the intricate jigsaw from both sides - presenting events through the eyes of the men and women who were there telling their extraordinary stories.
67198 E.F. Bloodworth has returned to his home - a forgotten corner of Tennessee - after forty years of roaming. The wife he walked out on has withered and faded his three sons are grown and angry. Warren is a womanizing alcoholic Boyd is driven by jealousy to hunt down his wife and her lover and Brady puts hexes on his enemies from his mamma's porch. Only Fleming the old man's grandson treats him with the respect his age commands and sees past all the hatred to realize the way it can poison a man's soul. It is ultimately the love of Raven Lee a sloe-eyed beauty from another town that gives Fleming the courage to reject this family curse.
67239 Rip-roaring rock ‘n roll. In 2005 The Black Crowes played a five night gig at The Fillmore in San Francisco. This appears to be a document of the one night they hooked up with the four-man Left Coast Horns (who apparently had only that afternoon to work out arrangements and rehearse with the band). Did they get it together? Fuckin’ A! You have to love a band that walks out on stage and opens up by kicking every ass in the house with a burner like “(Only) Half Way to Everywhere”.
67261 Recorded live on October 20 2004  at London's Hammersmith Apollo this explosive show features all of Whitesnake’s greatest hits plus many fan favorites. The DVD captures the excitement and vitality of the band’s performance before an adoring all-ages crowd who sing along to every song. Songs: 01. Burn  02. Bad Boys  03. Love Ain't No Stranger  04. Ready an' Willing  05. Is This Love  06. Give Me All Your Love  07. Judgment Day  08. Blues for Mylene  09. Snake Dance  10. Crying in the Rain  11. Drum Solo  12. Crying in the Rain  13. Ain't No Love in the Heart of the City  14. Don't Break My Heart Again  15. Fool for Your Loving  16. Here I Go Again  17. Take Me with You  18. Still of the Night.
"67362 Price a former hitman is struggling to cope with retirement. He left the assassination business to live the ""easy life."" However retirement arrived with its own agenda. It was not the instant peace and calm that Price expected. Rather it was emptiness boredom and worst of all restlessness. The Last Lullaby plummets Price back into his old life and forces him into a corner from which he may never escape. Price's old ways no longer work for him when his heart opens and he finds life beyond his profession. The tension finally boils as Price must decide to close himself off again or open himself up to a world beyond his control."
67589 Separated after 15 years of marriage Vicki and Jason are set up by their two teenage children to spend a Christmas vacation together on the beach. But their family vacation is further complicated when Vicki's boss and Jason's gorgeous assistant show up. As Jason spends more time with Vicki it becomes clear that this marriage is far from over and he decides to propose to her all over again. It will take a lot of luck plenty of love and a little dose of magic to bring this family back together again.
67619 A sequel to 2006's Who Killed the Electric Car? director Chris Paine once again looks at electric vehicles.  Where in the last film electric cars were dismissed as uneconomical and unreliable and were under multiple attacks from government the auto industry and from energy companies who didn't want them to succeed this film chronicles in the light of new changes in technology the world economy and the auto industry itself the race - from both major car companies like Ford and Nissan and from new rising upstarts like Tesla - to bring a practical consumer EV to market.
67760 For three decades Kylie Minogue has been one of the world’s most successful music stars. Recorded at London’s O2 Arena in April 2011 Aphrodite Les Folies is a spectacle to behold. Featuring performance of tracks from the star’s latest album Aphrodite including Get Outta My Way Closer and Put Your Hands Up (If You Feel Love) as well as classic anthems such as Can’t Get You Out Of My Head On a Night Like This and Better The Devil You Know this live concert sees Minogue at her best.
"67908 Programming the Nation? takes an encompassing look at the history of subliminal messaging in America. According to many authorities since the late 1950s subliminal content has been tested and delivered through all forms of mass-media including Hollywood filmmakers Alfred Hitchcock and William Friedkin. Even our modern military has been accused of these practices in the ""war on terror"" against soldiers and civilians both abroad and at home. With eye-opening footage revealing interviews humorous anecdotes and an array of visual effects the film categorically explores the alleged usage of subliminals in advertising music film television anti-theft devices political propaganda military psychological operations and advanced weapons development. Director Jeff Warrick makes it his personal mission to determine if these manipulative tactics have succeeded in ""programming the nation?"" Or if subliminal messaging belongs in the category of what many consider urban legend."
68027 Joseph Matthew and Andrew Lawrence (TV's Brotherly Love) star in this thrilling action-packed sequel to the Disney Channel Original Movie Horse Sense. It's first-class adventure on the high seas for Michael Woods (Joseph Lawrence) and his cousin (Andrew Lawrence) when they charter a private yacht for a fun-filled cruise off the coast of Australia. But the yacht turns out to be a broken-down fishing boat complete with rusting hull! When they find themselves being chased by modern-day pirates they decide that Jumping Ship with the boat's captain Jake Hunter (Matthew Lawrence) is the only option. Stranded on a desert island without any conveniences from home these three castaways must work together as a team if they hope to survive and be rescued.
"68049 Derek and Casey are back and continue their hilarious sibling rivalry during a family vacation to visit their grandmother at her beautiful lake front lodge. Things heat up with Casey when she meets Jesse a handsome young dancer who is a waiter at the lodge. Meanwhile as Derek is ""chilling"" on his vacation he falls for Roxy the rich girl who lives across the lake. But when Roxy's father a greedy land developer threatens to destroy the natural beauty around them the McDonald-Venturi kids band together to save the lake and the lodge."
"68194 Perfect Square is a video recording of a concert by rock band R.E.M. filmed on 19 July 2003 at the Bowling Green in Wiesbaden Germany. It was released in DVD format on the Warner Brothers label on March 9 2004. This concert is perhaps most notable for a performance of the song ""Country Feedback"" which Michael Stipe opens by declaring it his ""favorite song"". The rendition features appended lyrics from another song Reveal's ""Chorus and the Ring"" and a guitar solo by Peter Buck neither of which are in the original. Other concert highlights include the appearance of two then-new songs ""Bad Day"" (Also originally known as PSA when first written in the early 1980's) and ""Animal"" and the re-emergence of the long-lost song ""Permanent Vacation"". ""Permanent Vacation"" dates back to 1980 years before their first album while ""Bad Day"" dates back to 1985."
68333 Beyonce took to the Glastonbury Festival Pyramid Stage for a groundbreaking performance in front of 170000 people. The Texan’s stunning entrance confirmed that Knowles knows how to put on a show. The set was peppered with Prince and Kings Of Leon covers alongside the biggest hits of Beyoncé’s career will be remembered long after the grass has re-sprouted on the fields of Worthy Farm 01 – Crazy In Love 02 – Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It) 03 – Naughty Girl 04 – Baby Boy feat – Tricky 05 – Happy Birthday 06 – Best Thing I Never Had 07 – End Of Time 08 – If I Were A Boy 09 – Sweet Dreams 10 – Why Don’t You Love Me 11 – Why Don’t You Love Me (reprise) 12 – The Mamas 13 – The Beautiful Ones 14 – Sex On Fire 15 – 1+1 16 – Irreplaceable 17 – Independent Women 18 – Bootylicious 19 – Bug A Boo 20 – Telephone 21 – Say My Name 22 – Jumpin’ Jumpin’ 23 – Survivor 24 – At Last 25 – Run The World (Girls) 26 – Halo.
68582 UFC 132 was originally set to feature a rematch between B.J. Penn and Jon Fitch but both were forced to withdraw because of injuries. Evan Dunham was expected to face George Sotiropoulos at the event but was forced off the card with an injury and replaced by Rafael dos Anjos. Jason Miller was scheduled to face Aaron Simpson at this event. However Miller was removed from the card after accepting a coaching position on The Ultimate Fighter 14 and replaced by Brad Tavares. Cub Swanson was expected to face Erik Koch at this event but was forced from the bout with an injury. Koch was instead moved to UFC Fight Night 25 to take on Jonathan Brookins.
68591 A young woman discovers a Christmas-themed dreamworld inside a magical snowglobe. Angela loves Christmas more than anything. However her family does not share her love for the holiday at all. When she is about to breakdown because of her family she receives a snowglobe in the mail. When she opens up the snowglobe she is transported into the world inside where Christmas is the heart and soul for everyone who lives there. She discovers she can return to her world by going down a small path in the small forest at the edge of the village and can return whenever she winds up the snowglobe. After a long set of visits to the globe she accidentally gets trapped inside.
"68613 Ann and Nancy Wilson first showed the world that women can rock when their band Heart stormed the charts in the 1970s. They continued their string of huge hits in the decades that followed. This disc filmed live on March 5 2010 takes Heart fans on what truly feels like the musical ride of a lifetime. It showcases the band's biggest hits introduces some of their newest songs and features a guest appearance by Alison Krauss.  This musical release from iconic hard rock band Heart captures a live performance by the band recorded in high definition at the Sky Church in Seattle WA in 2010. Some of the songs featured in the performance include classics like ""Crazy on You"" and ""Alone"". The concert also features guest appearances by singer Alison Krauss and fiddler Ben Mink."
68724 In the year 2159 two classes of people exist: the very wealthy who live on a pristine man-made space station called Elysium and the rest who live on an overpopulated ruined Earth. Secretary Rhodes a hard line government ofﬁcial will stop at nothing to enforce anti-immigration laws and preserve the luxurious lifestyle of the citizens of Elysium. That doesn’t stop the people of Earth from trying to get in by any means they can. When unlucky Max is backed into a corner he agrees to take on a daunting mission that if successful will not only save his life but could bring equality to these polarized worlds.
68803 A widow's forgiveness. A killer's remorse. Bond of Silence is the true life story of a shocking murder and the amazing bond that came from it. Katy and Bob live a perfect life in a small close knit town. He's a respected lawyer a renowned tri-athlete. She just had twins. It is New Year's Eve. Teens converge on the house next door. Always the good neighbor Bob goes to shut it down. A confrontation occurs. Then he's dead. No teen comes forward. The media pours in. Headlines scream. Katy hunts for answers. But no one talks. A bond of silence covers the town. The police do an undercover sting and someone's caught. Ryan a popular kid tries to be cool but the burden of what he did that night is unbelievable. Ryan and his attorney want to plead not guilty but then Katy and Ryan meet. Where Katy should be a grieving wife she becomes a supportive mother. Rather than berating she listens. Rather than accusing..
"68846 The KGB was for 50 years an intelligence agency using money sex and blackmail as tools to entice foreigners to betray their countries and hand over secret information. We enter the vaults of the KGB to see the use of the ""Honey Trap"" -- the use of women in sexual situations to snare victims and obtain secret information. How did the KGB identify U.S. Marines who worked at the U.S. Embassy and target them leading to compromise and in the case of marine Lonetree to a 30 year prison sentence. We see a bumbling FBI agent selling out his country for sex in a car and the CIA officer who lived a lavish lifestyle at the cost of agents' lives. Hidden cameras reveal seduction passion and sexual conduct all used to destabilize enemy governments."
"68876 This story is set in the ""in-between"" time of a girl's life when she is no longer a child and not yet a woman. We open with our heroine Maeve putting on her new snow white bra and stepping out into the world as a young woman. She has an obsession with breasts and bras and can't help but stare at other girls and women even the head nun doesn't escape her gaze. Otherwise her world revolves around her three friends Ruth Claire and Orla who are more experienced in the ways of the world. They wear bras already (except Claire the feminist) and they've all had boyfriends. The new bra is a start but they really hope Maeve can find a fella even offering kissing lessons to prepare her. What no one expects least of all Maeve is that she should snare the local sixteen-year old heartthrob. Maeve is so smitten with him that she lets her friends down when they need her the most..."
68965 When a woman goes on trial for killing her best friend and boyfriend in the heat of passion the best criminal defender in town takes her case. When he loses she goes on the lam to find out who set her up — only to discover that her lawyer is the killer! On her own and way out of her league she works against the clock to get hard evidence against him — all the while trying to stay a step ahead in order to survive and prove her innocence!
69110 Emily Brown is a kleptomaniac with a penchant for watches. She shoplifts and has an apartment full of things she doesn't need. Nick Ruiz is a department store loss prevention specialist who dislikes his job. He needs some fast cash to start his own private security business. One day Emily enters a department store and her compulsion to steal sets her in motion. Nick catches her on tape and instead of arresting her he becomes intrigued and pursues her. After the two have become involved Nick forces Emily to use her unique talent to bail him out of a bad situation. The outcome results in a climactic turn of events where justice plays its hand.
69314 Few cities love their baseball team as much as Chicago loves the Cubs and this documentary attempts to explain the close bond between the Windy City and their National League squad by interviewing some of the team's most-beloved players as well as celebrities who have been die heard fans of the Cubbies their entire lives. In addition to offering archival footage of many of the team's biggest stars this program contains interviews with Bob Costas Dennis Franz Scott Turow and Budd Selig.
"69373 G3 a guitar supergroup that features top-tier shredders Steve Vai Joe Satriani and John Petrucci is a guitar-lover's dream come true. The band's usual high energy is cranked up even higher on this live Tokyo date and the amount of heavy riffing and blistering leads throughout the set is mightily ferocious. Petrucci who rose to prominence in the progressive metal band Dream Theater distinguishes himself here and proves that his six-string skills are on par with revered axe-slinging of Vai and Satriani. In addition to some extended jams there are covers of classic guitar-defining rock songs (Deep Purple's ""Smoke On the Water"" and Jimi Hendrix's ""Foxey Lady"" among them) that add a dash of fun to the jaw-dropping pyrotechnics on offer."
69393 Martha is a businesswoman and divorced mother of two children - Augusta and Jack. However when docile Augusta becomes a teenager feelings of anger and self-hate cause her personality to undergo a scary transformation and Martha realizes that this is not just typical teen angst. Augusta begins doing drugs drinking and ends up on the streets. Her concerned mother and father reach out to an educational consultant who advises them to send Augusta to a strict wilderness camp for troubled teens. However even the institution's experienced and tough administrators find Augusta a difficulty to keep under control. Martha comes to realize that there is no answer to her daughter's behavior.
69530 Claire lives with her wealthy adopted parents in a luxurious and isolated house in the woods. She discovers a wounded and bleeding boy her age in her family's garden shed. The boy is a young drug courier from Afghanistan; shot and wounded after serving his purpose as human packing material. Claire decides to keep the boy a secret. He slowly recovers under her care; and they fall in love. When the drug dealers return and Claire's family is due to move back to the city; they decide to flee; though Claire finds it difficult to outrun her past as an abandoned child.
69640 “Lies in Plain Sight” tells the story of Eva and her blind cousin Sofia (Martha Higareda) who were inseparable as children with Eva the loyal companion who helped Sofia through her tough adolescent years. When Eva suddenly commits suicide Sofia rushes home to her father Hector (Benito Martinez) and Eva’s parents Marisol (Rosie Perez) and Rafael (Yul Vįsquez) to find answers. But the more she delves into Eva’s life questioning her past boyfriends Ethan (Chad Michael Murray) and Christian (Christoph Sanders) the more Sofia realizes that their childhood was actually filled with dark disturbing secrets.
70001 When a government representative announces that he intends to reunite an orphaned orca with his pod by transporting him hundreds of miles over dry land the Mowachaht-Muchalaht First Nations Band which believes that the spirit of their late chief resides in the majestic ocean mammal does everything within their power to thwart the controversial plan. As the community grows increasingly divided over how to handle the situation a young aboriginal boy wrestles with his own identity and new Band chief Mike Maquinna prepares for the trial by fire that could shape his entire future.
70044 Thomas Turgoose (This Is England) stars as David a young boy who lives a carefree life on a coastal caravan park with his best friend Emily (Holliday Grainger). When David learns that Emily is being forced to move away he helps her hide out in a remote cave on the beach. But as David watches the police close in on his missing friend their innocent secret takes on a life of its own. When the real reason Emily wants to escape comes to light David's world is shattered. Swept up in a situation out of his control and with his feelings for his best friend growing stranger by the day David is forced to take action.
70076 Nola Devlin is an unassuming frumpy magazine editor who is overlooked and teased by her coworkers. Though when she is behind the glow and anonymity of her computer screen she becomes the famous advice columnist Belinda Apple. Nola’s friends tired of being overworked and overweight band together to create the Cinderella Pact vowing to lose pounds by following the advice of Belinda Apple. When her secret identity is threatened Nola is forced to take her own alter ego’s advice. But as the group of friends drops dress sizes their real issues are exposed and better-than-expected life changes begin to blossom.
70160 Every year in the ruins of what was once North America the nation of Panem forces each of its twelve districts to send a teenage boy and girl to compete in the Hunger Games.  Part twisted entertainment part government intimidation tactic the Hunger Games are a nationally televised event in which “Tributes” must fight with one another until one survivor remains.  Pitted against highly-trained Tributes who have prepared for these Games their entire lives Katniss is forced to rely upon her sharp instincts as well as the mentorship of drunken former victor Haymitch Abernathy.  If she’s ever to return home to District 12 Katniss must make impossible choices in the arena that weigh survival against humanity and life against love. The world will be watching.
70283 Nick Brandestini is a filmmaker based in Zurich Switzerland. His first documentary Return to Florence (2006) about a small group of young American and British artists studying classical methods at an unconventional school in Florence screened at numerous film festivals across North America winning several awards. His next documentary H.R. Giger's Sanctuary (2007) about the renowned and reclusive artist H.R. Giger most famous as the creator of Ridley Scott's “Alien” was an official selection at the AFI Film Festival in Los Angeles.
"70546 In the war-zones of Liberia and Congo four volunteers with Doctors Without Borders struggle to provide emergency medical care under extreme conditions. With different levels of experience each volunteer must find their own way to face the challenges the tough choices and the limits of their idealism. ""Living in Emergency"" is a window into the seldom portrayed and less-than glamorous side of humanitarian aid work. It explores a world that is challenging complex and fraught with dilemmas - the struggles both internal and external that aid workers face when working in war zones and other difficult contexts."
70712 This is the story of 23-year-old Laura who lives in the largest city in the world and yet feels alone. She also knows the exact date in which she'll die: April 30. What Laura doesn't know is what she'll do from now till then and thus she enrolls in a group of optimists which she finds pathetic but fun. In that group she writes a list of 10 things she wants to do before she dies some that mean a lot and some that are a lot of fun. The first thing on her list is to save a life.
70749 Cody Brewer a quiet New England fisherman isn't doing too well for himself. His wife feels neglected and his son keeps getting picked on by the school bully. While out collecting his lobster traps one day Cody finds a strange green moss that holds magical powers. Once word gets out about the magical moss the entire town suddenly becomes Cody's best friend all hoping to get a piece of it. With the townspeople clamoring for some moss and the already delicate state of the Brewer family Cody has a tough time figuring out exactly what to do.
"71109 The power of music explodes in this spectacular show-stopping remix edition of the Emmy Award-winning ""High School Musical""! The smash-hit Disney Channel Original Movie everyone is talking about now features hours of awesome new bonus features that will rock your world. Take a front-row seat on the red carpet for the star-studded Hollywood premiere and join the High School Reunion where the cast reunites in an exclusive interview where they talk about how their lives have changed dramatically since being a part of this movie phenomenon. Plus stand up and experience the Dance-Along (as seen on Disney Channel) where Troy Gabriella Sharpay and Ryan give step-by-step instructions to popular dance sequences ""Get'cha Head In the Game"" and ""We're All In This Together"". Hear two exclusive remixed versions of your favorite songs and watch three new music videos. ""High School Musical: Remix"" is everything you've been looking for - and more!"
"71203 When Idaho Legislator Curtis Bowers wrote a ""letter to the editor"" about the drastic changes in America's culture it became the feature story on the evening news people protested at the Capitol and for weeks the local newspapers were filled with responses. He realized then... he'd hit on something. Ask almost anyone and you'll hear ""Communism is dead! The Berlin Wall came down."" Thought the word communism isn't used anymore this film will show the ideas behind it are alive and well. Join Bowers for a fascinating look at the people and groups that have successfully targeted America's morality and freedom in their effort to grind America down. It's a well documented AGENDA."
71677 Brazil is a contract killer willing to take any job if the price is right. Flint left the assassin game when a ruthless drug dealer’s brutal attack left his wife in a coma. When a contract is put out on the same coldblooded drug dealer both Brazil and Flint want him dead – one for the money the other for revenge. With crooked Interpol agents and vicious members of the criminal underworld hot on their trail these two assassins reluctantly join forces to quickly take out their target before they themselves are terminated.
71728 Jack Hardy is the sole survivor of a mysterious submarine disaster in World War II. Now in 1981 the ill-fated submarine Scorpion has resurfaced miraculously intact. Naval Intelligence need Hardy's expertise to retrace the course and mission that led to her original disappearance. But what's waiting for them under the grey waters of the Baltic Sea turns out to be much worse than the Russian submarines they're expecting. Wherever Scorpion has been all this time it's brought some very bad luck back with it...
"71779 Living in rural New South Wales working-class single mother Rhia is struggling to evade debt collectors and raise three young daughters. The eldest and hardened beyond her years Lou blames Rhia for the departure of her father who walked out 10 months ago and hasn't been seen since. Mother-daughter relations hit bottom when Rhia takes in Doyle her father in-law who is in the beginning stages of Alzheimer's. Doyle turns Lou's initial hostility around with exciting tales of his South Seas adventures. But coursing deepest in his mind are fractured memories of Annie his late wife. Before long Doyle ""sees"" Annie in Lou and imagines he is courting her all over again."
"71871 Pat Metheny is one of the most original and distinctive guitarists of modern times. Together with long time collaborator and keyboards player Lyle Mays he founded the Pat Metheny Group in 1978. Instantly successful they have established themselves at the forefront of jazz-rock fusion with a succession of best selling albums and sell out world tours. This new DVD filmed in late 2005 features the full concert version of his most recent album ""The Way Up"" which earned Pat Metheny Group their 10th Grammy AwardĀ® and Metheny personally his 17th. Tracklisting 1. Opening 2. Part One 3. Part Two 4. Part Three Bonus Features Interview with Pat Metheny (22 mins). Band Biographies."
"71885 Motocrossed! is a 2001 Disney Channel Original Movie (based on the Shakespeare play Twelfth Night) about a girl named Andrea Carson who loves motocross despite the fact that her father finds her unsuited for the sport being that she is ""just a girl"". When her twin brother Andrew breaks his leg just before a big race their father is forced to go to Europe to find a replacement rider. In the meantime Andrea secretly races in Andrew's place with her mother's help."
71980 ECW One Night Stand (2005) was a professional wrestling PPV event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on June 12 2005 at the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York New York.The main event was a tag team match between The Dudley Boyz (Buh Buh Ray and D-Von) and the team of Tommy Dreamer and The Sandman. Two of the matches on the undercard were Chris Benoit versus Eddie Guerrero and Mike Awesome versus Masato Tanaka. Rob Van dam who had proposed the idea to Vince McMahon could not compete due to injury but would go on to headline the 2006 event against John Cena.
"72024 We call them by a hundred different names: boobs knockers jugs hooters. We wonder if they're real or fake too small or too big too exposed or too covered. And every year Americans spend millions of dollars on breast enhancement from push-up bras to surgery. Why is our culture so captivated by this particular part of the female form? ""Boobs: An American Obsession"" is a revealing humorous often poignant investigation involving everyone from anthropologists to porn stars as we explore our culture's fascination with breasts."
72059 Once upon a time in Hong Kong there's this traditional medicine oil company that has come seriously close to bankruptcy. However its bored-stiff staff - the mean manager Ben Chow sleazy Tyson love-deficient Hatou and clueless newbie Rachel - has nothing better to do than fantasizing about all kinds of sexual escapades in their cold drab little cubicles. Thankfully their company is taken over by an adult toy enterprise from China and their wet dreams come true when four delectable new coworkers come to jazz up their office life!
72186 THUNDER SOUL tells the true story of Conrad O. Johnson and the legendary Kashmere Stage Band. It was afros pleated pants and platform shoes; James Brown Sly Stone and Bootsy Collins. It was the ’70s and an inner-city Houston high school was about to make history. Charismatic band leader Conrad “Prof” Johnson would turn the school’s mediocre jazz band into a legendary world-class funk powerhouse. Now 35 years later his students prepare to pay tribute to the man who changed their lives the 92-year-old Prof. Some haven’t played their horns in decades still they dust off their instruments determined to retake the stage to show Prof and the world that they’ve still got it.
72197 The luxuriantly bearded Pirate Captain is a boundlessly enthusiastic if somewhat less-than-successful terror of the High Seas. With a rag-tag crew at his side and seemingly blind to the impossible odds stacked against him the Captain has one dream: to beat his bitter rivals Black Bellamy and Cutlass Liz to the much coveted Pirate of the Year Award. It’s a quest that takes our heroes from the shores of exotic Blood Island to the foggy streets of Victorian London. Along the way they battle a diabolical queen and team up with a haplessly smitten young scientist but never lose sight of what a pirate loves best: adventure!
72213 Law enforcement officers Adam Mitchell Nathan Hayes and their partners stand up to the worst the streets have to offer with confidence and focus. Yet at the end of the day they face a challenge that none of them are truly prepared to tackle: fatherhood. They know that God desires to turn the hearts of fathers to their children but their children are beginning to drift further and further away from them. When tragedy hits home these men are left wrestling with their hopes their fears their faith and their fathering. Can a newfound urgency help these dads draw closer to God... and to their children?
72358 Jack McCall is a fast-talking literary agent who can close any deal any time any way. He has set his sights on New Age guru Dr. Sinja for his own selfish purposes. But Dr. Sinja is on to him and Jack’s life comes unglued after a magical Bodhi tree mysteriously appears in his backyard. With every word Jack speaks a leaf falls from the tree and he realizes that when the last leaf falls both he and the tree are toast. Words have never failed Jack McCall but now he’s got to stop talking and conjure up some outrageous ways to communicate or he’s a goner.
72670 Royal Rumble (2011) was the twenty-fourth annual Royal Rumble PPV. It took place on January 30 2011 at the TD Garden in Boston Massachusetts. As has been customary since 1993 the Royal Rumble match winner received a match at that year's WrestleMania for his choice at either the WWE Championship or the World Heavyweight Championship.  The main event was the annual Royal Rumble match featuring 40 participants from both brands instead of the usual number of 30. The primary match on the Raw brand was for the WWE Championship between reigning champion The Miz and Randy Orton. The primary match on the SmackDown brand was Edge versus Dolph Ziggler for the World Heavyweight Championship. The other featured match on the card was a Fatal Four Way match for the WWE Divas Championship between Eve Torres Natalya Layla and Michelle McCool.
72723 The validity of ancient prophecy has been debated for centuries and is one of the most controversial subjects in the world today. Join Ronnie Cohen as you go on an epic journey to uncover the secrets behind Middle Eastern prophecy and discover shocking statistical evidence that proves there is more to Biblical history than many believe. Shocking new research reveals that the prophecies foretelling frightening global changes that could usher in a period tribulation and death may be more plausible than many believe. No matter your belief system the findings presented within this film may change your view of prophecy forever!
72740 This video captures the Dave Matthews Band on their European tour in 2009 in support of their most recent album Big Whiskey And the Groogrux King. Filmed at London's Brixton Academy on June 26th 2009 the material has only previously been available in the deluxe book edition (EAGBK421) released on Eagle Records in May 2010. The Dave Matthews Band continue to go from strength to strength with sell out concerts wherever they tour and massive selling studio albums their most recent going to No.1 on the US Billboard Chart and charting throughout Europe.
"72752 For stylish airs no one came close to Christian Hosoi. At his peak in the mid-80s he was the ""rock star"" of skating pulling down money that rivaled Tony Hawk's paycheck. Innovating crazy vertical maneuvers like the ""Christ Air"" Christian knew how to stoke an audience. Then it all came crashing down when Hosoi plowed into self-destruction getting hooked on crystal meth and hitting rock bottom with a prison sentence for drug smuggling. Completely annihilated Christian turned to the Bible for answers and found new strength. With lots of action footage and a slammin' soundtrack this gritty inspiring film goes deep inside the world of skateboarding as seen through the incredible highs and lows of this legend's life revealed through never-before-released home movies and interviews with Christian's family and friends including top skaters Jason Lee Tony Hawk Lance Mountain Jay Adams Tony Alva Mark Ragowski and many more!"
72845 A personal exploration into the life of America's controversial former CIA Director told through the eyes of his wife and filmmaker son Carl. Through extraordinary events in twentieth century history this consummate soldier/spy stood at the center of the Agency's most clandestine activities and operations. The film reveals the 'cover life' of this CIA operative who followed orders and took on the dirtiest assignments until the Nixon Administration ordered him to 'stonewall' Congress about the CIA's past abuses but he refused. This film reveals why for the first time he could not obey.
72859 Reb Halland who lives in the era of Wild West has made a deal with the devil to gain immortality alog with his gang. Preacher McCready is trying to protect the small town by placing five totems around the town in the shape of pinnacle. One day an collector passes by the town and sees one of the totems pinned to the earth and he decides to take it. When the man takes the totem out of ground Halland and his gang arrives and start killing everyone. The film moves to the present day when a group of college students driving back home from another city after a debate contest suddenly find themselves at this town. Soon they start to be murdered one by one and it will be up to them to find the secret of this town and destroy Halland and his gang.
72914 100 pounds overweight loaded up on steroids and suffering from a debilitating autoimmune disease Joe Cross is at the end of his rope and the end of his hope. In the mirror he saw a 310lb man whose gut was bigger than a beach ball and a path laid out before him that wouldn't end well— with one foot already in the grave the other wasn't far behind. FAT SICK &amp; NEARLY DEAD is an inspiring film that chronicles Joe's personal mission to regain his health.
73335 A roller coaster ride of love emotions and comedy Jeff Fahey (LOST MACHETE) Reginald Vel Johnson (Family Matters DIE HARD) and Victoria Jackson (Saturday Night Live BABY BOOM) star in this funny heartfelt story about the difficulties many marriages face and the simple solution. A trio of unhappily married couples head to a mountain retreat where they are subjected to unorthodox and seemingly comical methods by the Dr. Sullivan (Fahey) and his wife Katrina (Jackson). As the couples struggle through the program for marital bliss they soon discover it’s not “What” they are missing from their lives but “Who” Jesus.
73361 He’s one of the most popular superstars in the WWE but he has never been the subject of a DVD release—until now. This 3-disc set takes an in-depth look at WWE’s Apex Predator from Elimination Chamber through the road to WrestleMania and Orton’s brutal bout with CM Punk. Along the way fans learn about the Viper in and out of the ring as he reflects on his career to date. Family and opponents contribute never-before-seen interviews about Orton’s past present and future. In addition the set is packed with some of Orton’s most memorable matches and moments from his career.
"73611 Filmed at Sheperd's Bush Empire the soulful singer from Camden and her band perform songs from both her debut album ""Frank"" and the international breakthrough ""Back to Black"". Over the sixty minute running time Winehouse also covers classics such as Zuton's ""Valerie"" and ""Monkey Man"" by the Maytals. Also included is 'I Told You I Was Trouble' a 50 minute documentary charting Amy's rapid rise to fame.  1. Intro / Addicted • 2. Just Friends • 3. Cherry • 4. Back To Black • 5. Wake Up Alone • 6. Tears Dry On Their Own • 7. He Can Only Hold Her / Doo Wop (That Thing) • 8. Fuck Me Pumps • 9. Some Unholy War • 10. Love Is A Losing Game • 11. Valerie • 12. Hey Little Rich Girl feat. Zalon & Ade • 13. Rehab • 14. You Know I'm No Good • 15. Me & Mr Jones • 16. Monkey Man • 17. Outro • 18. Tears Dry On Their (Black & White) • 19. He Can Only Hold Her / Doo Wop (That Thing)(Black & White) • 20. Some Unholy War (Black & White)"
73642 Irish lads send an ad to the Miami Herald inviting fit and enticing women between the ages of 20 and 21 to live in their isolated Donegal village. The whole town knows about the ad and it sharpens everyone's sense of the opportunities for happiness already at hand. Kate a publican with a young daughter is separating from her husband and catches the eye of a bachelor sheep farmer. Kieran the butcher realizes that his assistant Siobhan is comely and then he discovers she's fiery as well. Ollie sends off for Dutch skin magazines that the village postmistress won't release to him. The men and women find counsel in their movie-loving priest. Will anyone answer the ad?
73655 Former dance instructor Emman Toledo was employed as a dance instructor for a governor’s ball. He finds himself in a passionate love affair with Cedes Fernandez who happens to be engaged to Dylan Evelino son of the governor. The couple finds themselves in a dangerous situation. The Evelino Clan is too powerful that nothing gets in their way to get what they want. Despite her hatred for the dirty politics Cedes has no choice but to succumb to the decision of Dylan out of her indebtedness towards the family. Emman is drawn towards Cedes from the first time she catches his eye. As their lives intertwine through dance Emman and Cedes find themselves resisting an affair: one that holds the truths to their painful pasts and the memories of a boundless love. Pursuing their feelings for each other will only set fire to the dangers and trappings of their love so much so that their love could cost them their lives.
73818 Without the security of the job he wants or the future he dreamed of Paul Dynan plans the perfect crime to help his struggling family – abduct the socialite children of three wealthy men and collect a ransom of $3-million dollars. Over the course of one long night Paul and his accomplices hold the rich kids hostage awaiting the ransom with little idea of the secrets that will surface between the fathers when they are forced to choose between their children and their money.
73852 Alexander 'Sasha' Shulgin is the scientist behind more than 200 psychedelic compounds including MDMA more commonly known as Esctasy. Considered to be one of the the greatest chemists of the twentieth century Sasha's vast array of discoveries have had a profound impact in the field of psychedelic research. 'Dirty Pictures' delves into the lifework of Dr. Shulgin and scientists alike explores the world of these scientists; their findings and motivations their ideas and their beliefs as to how research in this particular field can aid in unlocking the complexities of the mind.
"73859 David Copperfield - the performer the NYT calls ""Our Era's Giant of Magic"" brings you two decades of his spellbinding career. The Master of Illusion takes you on a guided tour of his magic and his mind. Witness the epic illusions that redefined his art; The Disappearance of the Statue of Liberty Walking Through the Great Wall of China The Imploding Building The Vanishing Airplane and much more. Included are illusions featured in his Broadway show ""Dreams and Nightmares"" and Flying the signature effect that took him seven years to develop."
"74259 ""Despite the rumours of his death Tiėsto is very much still alive – if his Twitter account says so it must to be true…duh – and to make sure his fans don’t forget him David Gresham Records have released a brand new DVD Tiėsto Asia Tour to keep everyone happy. Unlike previous Tiėsto DVDs this one is actually a documentary which follows the world famous DJ around on the final leg of his Elements of Life World Tour. Narrated by Tiėsto himself the disc shows exclusive footage of his behind-the-scenes escapades life on the road and in lavish hotel rooms interview and press segments as well as various snippets of his performances and interaction with fans in China Malaysia Indonesia Thailand Japan South Korea Taiwan and The Philippines."" Read more: www.musicreview.co.za"
74406 In 1971 four college students got together to form a rock band. Since then that certain band called Queen have released 26 albums and sold over 300 million records worldwide. The popularity of Freddie Mercury Brian May Roger Taylor and John Deacon is stronger than ever 40 years on. But it was no bed of roses. No pleasure cruise. Queen had their share of kicks in the face but they came through and this is how they did it set against the backdrop of brilliant music and stunning live performances from every corner of the globe. In this film for the first time it is the band that tells their story. Featuring brand new interviews with the band and unseen archive footage (including their recently unearthed first ever TV performance) it is a compelling story told with intelligence wit plenty of humor and painful honesty.
74496 The fairytale story revolves around a young prince who - along with his entourage - is turned into a nutcracker through his own ungrateful and selfish behaviour and awaits a kindly soul who'll release him from the spell. The mouse-king seeks the magic that made this happen so that he can become all-powerful. The prince (now a nutcracker) finds hope in the form of a girl who risks everything to help him become real again while the mouse-king and his armies do everything they can to steal the magic for themselves.
"74677 8 Out Of 10 Cats: Claws Out is the uncensored version of the hilarious TV show hosted by Jimmy Carr ""8 out of 10 Cats"". Along with Jimmy's team captains Sean Lock and Dave Spikey the show features special guest appearances by Alan Carr David Williams Christian Slater Kelly Osborne Patrick McGuiness and Vic Reeves. The irreverent comedy panel is based around a series of pointless (but funny) opinion polls debates and surveys. Questions are designed to provoke participants and to set off endless studio arguments which let's face it can only be a good thing. 8 Out Of 10 Cats: Claws Out contains all the outrageous bits that were too rude to broadcast on TV--meaning it's essentially over 90 minutes of Jimmy & Co. slagging each other off and arguing about every subject under the sun (including for example ""What's Best - Kittens or Christmas?"")."
74797 The Upsetter tells the fascinating story of Lee Scratch Perry a visionary musician and artist from poor rural Jamaica who journeyed to the big city of Kingston in the late 1950’s with dreams of making it in the burgeoning record industry. He burst upon the scene with a brand new sound inventing a genre of music that would come to be called Reggae discovering a young Bob Marley and gaining international recognition as a record producer and solo artist. Soon he was being called upon by artists as diverse as The Clash and Paul McCartney to provide his unique sound.
75301 Beloved by children of all ages around the world Elmo is an international icon. Few people know his creator Kevin Clash who dreamed of working with his idol master puppeteer Jim Henson. Displaying his creativity and talent at a young age Kevin ultimately found a home on Sesame Street. Narrated by Whoopi Goldberg this documentary includes rare archival footage interviews with Frank Oz Rosie O’Donnell Cheryl Henson Joan Ganz Cooney and others and offers a behind-the-scenes look at Sesame Street and the Jim Henson Workshop.
75311 The passion the original Star Wars trilogy inspires in its fans is unparalleled; but when it comes to George Lucas himself many have found their ardor has cooled into a complicated love-hate relationship. This hilarious heartfelt documentary delves deep into Lucas’s cultural legacy asking all the tough questions. Has Lucas betrayed his masterwork? Should he just have left the original trilogy alone? Is The Phantom Menace so bad it should carry a health warning? Utilizing interviews taken from over 600 hours of footage and peppered with extraordinary Star Wars and Indiana Jones recreations lovingly immortalized in song needlepoint Lego claymation puppets and paper-māché above all this film asks the question: who truly owns that galaxy far far away—the man who created it or the fans who worship it?
75610 The record breaking 10-time WWE Champion John Cena must defend the coveted title against not just 1 but 2 former Champions Alberto Del Rio and CM Punk.  All 3 men battle in the career threatening history making first ever Triple Threat Hell in a Cell match. Also Vickie Guerrero’s clients Dolph Ziggler and Jack Swagger look to set aside their differences and take the WWE Tag Team Championship from Air Boom (Kofi Kingston & Evan Bourne). Plus Cody Rhodes’ desire to bring class and tradition to the WWE Intercontinental Championship may be short-lived as he must face John Morrison in a title match. All the action this year comes from the New Orleans Arena in New Orleans Louisiana.
75634 Sean Bean is back as the swashbuckling hero in Sharpe's Challenge an action packed mini-series to be shot on location in Rajasthan India. Two years after the Duke of Wellington crushes Napoleon at Waterloo dispatches from India tell of a local Maharaja Khande Rao who is threatening British interests there. Wellington sends Sharpe to investigate on what turns out to be his most dangerous mission to date. When a beautiful general's daughter is kidnapped by the Indian warlord the tension mounts leaving Sharpe no option but to pursue the enemy right into its deadly lair. Deep in the heart of enemy territory he also has to keep at bay the beautiful but scheming Regent Madhuvanthi who is out to seduce him. The fate of an Empire and the life of a General's daughter lie in one man's hands...
75638 Two investigators of paranormal hoaxes the veteran Dr. Margaret Matheson and her young assistant Tom Buckley study the most varied metaphysical phenomena with the aim of proving their fraudulent origins. Simon Silver a legendary blind psychic reappears after an enigmatic absence of 30 years to become the greatest international challenge to both orthodox science and professional sceptics. Tom starts to develop an intense obsession with Silver whose magnetism becomes stronger with each new manifestation of inexplicable events. As Tom gets closer to Silver tension mounts and his worldview is threatened to its core.
75654 As part of the Willie Handcart Company Levi Savage (Jasen Wade) feared that leaving late in the season would lead to despair and death. What he came to find out is that for every tragedy there is a multitude of miracles. Based on unbelievable actual events and brought to you by filmmaker T.C. Christensen (Praise to the Man The Work and the Glory) 17 Miracles will open your eyes to the stories of the Mormon Pioneers as you have never seen them before. Something extraordinary is about to happen.
75813 When considering taking a few weeks off Dr. Rainville places an ad to find a replacement who would agree to take his place in Normétal in Abitibi. Jeanne Dion from Montreal accepts the offer and goes to the site where it comes into contact with old customers and the lonely doctor. The problems of the inhabitants of the small community are varied but Jeanne adapts well to her new environment. When Dr. Rainville was struck by a heart attack he must still be replaced some time. She could even take his place permanently...
"75974 Being the famous 14-year old rock star Hannah Montana isn't easy nor is the life of an average Los Angeles middle school student who's trying to figure out her place in the social scene. Imagine then how difficult Disney Channel's Miley Stewart's life is considering she's living both lives simultaneously. One of the most down-to-earth pop stars you'll ever meet Miley goes to exceptional lengths to keep her identity as Hannah Montana a secret from her best friend Lilly because she's afraid of being treated differently in ""Lilly Do You Want to Know a Secret."" -Tami Horiuchi"
"76090 1. Open 2. Fascination Street 3. Alt.End 4. The Blood 5. A Night Like This 6. The End Of The World 7. If Only Tonight We Could Sleep 8. The Kiss 9. Shake Dog Shake 10. Us Or Them 11. Never Enough 12. The Figurehead 13. A Strange Day 14. Push 15. Just Like Heaven 16. Inbetween Days  17. From The Edge Of The Deep Green Sea 18. The Drowning Man 19. Signal To Noise 20. The Baby Screams 21. One Hundred Years 22. Shiver And Shake 23. End 24. At Night 25. M 26. Play For Today 27. A Forest 28. Plainsong 29. Disintegration 30. Faith  Festival 2005 is a live DVD by The Cure released in late 2006. It was shot during the band's headlining shows at 9 European music festivals in the summer of 2005. The video features a variety of angles ""captured by a mix of fans crew and 'on-the-night-big-screen cameras'."" It was the first physical (non-digital download) release by the band since guitarist Porl Thompson returned to the lineup."
76142 In 2001 Jack Cardiff (1914-2009) became the first director of photography in the history of the Academy Awards to win an Honorary Oscar. But the first time he clasped the famous statuette in his hand was a half-century earlier when his Technicolor camerawork was awarded for Powell and Pressburger's Black Narcissus. Beyond John Huston's The African Queen and King Vidor's War and Peace the films of the British-Hungarian creative duo (The Red Shoes and A Matter of Life and Death too) guaranteed immortality for the renowned cameraman whose career spanned seventy years.
76318 The War 1812 is a two-hour film history of a deeply significant event in North American and world history. The war shaped American Canadian and British destiny in the most literal way possible: had one or two battles or decisions gone a different way a map of the United States today would look entirely (and shockingly) different. The fires of this war forged the nation of Canada; at the same time the result tolled the end of Native American dreams of a separate nation. By war's end the process of Native nation removal had already begun in the southeast paving the way for a Cotton Kingdom powered by slavery and a United States that had been on the verge of collapse was ready to announce its arrival as a global power. The U.S. did not win the War of 1812 but the noble experiment of democracy had managed to survive intense pressure from without and within.
76474 Doc Martin tells the tale of Martin Clunes' character in the film in the months leading up to the Saving Grace story. Martin Bamford is a heart-broken London obstetrician in a jealous rage after he finds out that his wife has been sleeping with three of his buddies. He escapes to a small Cornish fishing village which he grows surprisingly attached to and is extremely reluctant to return with his cheating wife when she comes to pick him up. Although he has only been looking for a week's R &amp; R Dr Bamford stumbles across a network of secrets in the village of Port Isaac and finds himself embroiled in the most exciting scandal the village has seen for centuries.
76650 1. The Controler 2. Brutal Planet 3. Gimme 4. Go to Hell 5. Blow Me a Kiss 6. I'm Eighteen 7. Pick Up the Bones 8. Feed My Frankenstein 9. Wicked Young Man 10. Dead Babies 11. Ballad of Dwight Fry 12. I Love the Dead 13. Devil's Food 14. The Black Widow 15. No More Mr. Nice Guy 16. It's Hot Tonight 17. Caught in a Dream 18. It's the Little Things 19. Poison 20. Take It Like a Woman 21. Only Women Bleed 22. You Drive Me Nervous 23. Under My Wheels 24. School's Out 25. Billion Dollar Babies 26. My Generation 27. Elected  Shot in London during the 2000 world tour Brutally Live showcases Alice Cooper doing what he's been doing better than anyone else over the past 25 years: turning a rock concert into a campy theatrical extravaganza. That he's old enough to be almost anyone in the audience's (grand?)father is quite beside the point. For Alice remains one of the few who knows that rock & roll should be fun even if that means severed heads gushing blood and murdered babies.
76800 Now in his sixties Joe is released from the hospital after a long battle with pneumonia and forced to confront the harsh reality of his legacy: everyone he knew had assumed he was dead and life had gone on around him without missing a beat. Returning to his old neighborhood in Chicago's 'Patch' district he finds his car gone all his worldly possessions pawned by his landlord and the apartment he's lived in his entire adult life rented out to a single mother and her eight-year-old daughter.
"76801 In 1991 Cameron Todd Willingham's three daughters died in a Corsicana Texas house fire. Tried and convicted for their arson murders Willingham was executed in February 2004 despite overwhelming expert criticism of the prosecution's arson evidence. Today Willingham's name has become a call for reform in the field of forensics and a rallying cry for the anti-death penalty movement; yet he remains an indisputable ""monster"" in the eyes of Texas Governor Rick Perry who ignored the science that could have saved Willingham's life. Equal parts murder mystery forensic investigation and political drama INCENDIARY documents the haunted legacy of a prosecution built on ""folklore."""
77118 This offbeat dark comedy take place when four friends have a backyard bar-b-q and decide to come up on some bud. Not knowing where to turn because the streets have been dry for a few months they end up scoring from the son of a over protective mob figure by the name of Fredrico who vows if anything should happen to his son their will be hell to pay. After a tragic accident the four friends are on the run with only one person to turn to Krego Brisco's long time friend. Krego confirms to them Fredrico is a very powerful man and there is no escaping his fury. Their only option is to change their appearance through underground plastic surgery which would take them on a five hundred mile road trip. Along the way they will have to avoid Fredrico's beautiful assassin Venus and other unsavory characters leaving them to ponder the question was it just dumb luck or was it the bud?
77221 On the Arabian Peninsula in the 1930s two warring leaders come face to face. The victorious Nesib Emir of Hobeika lays down his peace terms to rival Amar Sultan of Salmaah. The two men agree that neither can lay claim to the area of no man’s land between them called The Yellow Belt. In return Nesib adopts Amar’s two boys Saleeh and Auda as a guarantee against invasion. Twelve years later Saleeh and Auda have grown into young men. Saleeh the warrior itches to escape his gilded cage and return to his father’s land. Auda cares only for books and the pursuit of knowledge. One day their adopted father Nesib is visited by an American from Texas. He tells the Emir that his land is blessed with oil and promises him riches beyond his wildest imagination. Nesib imagines a realm of infinite possibility a kingdom with roads schools and hospitals all paid for by the black gold beneath the barren sand. There is only one problem. The precious oil is located in the Yellow Belt.
77235 Fraternal twin sisters Emma and Lilly are as different as night and day. Emma the beautiful blonde tomboy would rather be riding a horse than anything else in the world. While Lilly her shy redheaded twin loves to be left alone to curl up with a good book. Emma and Lilly have an insatiable desire to play matchmaker  because their father is actually Cupid. Life gets complicated when they discover they're in love with the same guy and they become bitter rivals as they try to win his affection. But can Emma and Lily overcome their problems and use their matchmaking skills to bring their parents back together?
77264 John Cena and Alberto Del Rio battle for the WWE Championship in a brutal Last Man Standing match that will test their will determination and resolve. Plus will the World's Largest Athlete finally avenge the career threatening injury he suffered at the hands of The World's Strongest Man?  Find out when the Big Show challenges Mark Henry for the World Heavyweight Title.  And mortal foes unite as CM Punk and Triple H try to put their differences aside to take on their common enemies The Miz and R Truth in an explosive tag team match. The Superstars of Raw and SmackDown look to settle scores from the AT&amp;T Center in San Antonio Texas this is WWE VENGEANCE!
77517 Festival' is a black comedy set during the annual Edinburgh Fringe festival. The film is based around both the judging of a major comedy award and the performers at one of the smaller venues. Various plot strands interweave including the bitter relationship between a famous self-obsessed British comic and his ever-suffering assistant an actress debuting at the festival with a one-woman show about Dorothy Wordsworth and a depressed rich housewife who spies on the stoned Canadian theatre troupe to whom she has rented out her house
77586 Douglas Elmore is an alcoholic writer and caretaker haunted by visions of his dead wife and pursued by supernatural forces bent on revenge for his past deeds. When tenants start turning up dead in the hallways and stairwells of his brownstone apartment building Douglas suspects a strange but sexually alluring homeless prostitute named Karna who sleeps in his basement by day and prowls the empty city by night. But as the bodies pile up Douglas is torn between his growing obsession with Karna and the threat of becoming a prime suspect in a murder investigation. Douglas must find the origin of the evil residing in the old Hagstone building before the secrets of his past return to destroy him.
77606 Based a on a true story about two sisters who came out on top of a man's sport. The story is based on Erica and Courtney Enders two sisters who get in to junior drag racing and make it all the way to the top. The two sisters fight a battle of fellow racers who are against having girls race with them therefore it pushes them harder to compete against their competition. Erica becomes stressed when her racing life becomes mixed with her social life and academic goals and decided to quit racing until she realizes racing is what she truly wants to do. Finally towards the end of their teen years the Enders sisters come out on top to win the junior drag racing national title. They continue to race throughout high school and college and still do so today.
77640 Two brothers in their early 20s one black one white each the other's keeper since their family was torn apart by a decade old tragedy. Neville is a comedian struggling with his comedy and his brother Matthew is a boxer consumed with the pleasure and pain of his skin. Neville becomes enchanted with Niko a beguiling young singer who becomes entangled with him on his journey of self-discovery. With the support of their long-time friend Julian and Sister Sarah a nun with a past Neville and Matthew come to understand love in all its forms. Written by Conquering Lion Productions/FilmWorks
77766 Tracklist: 01. Bon Jovi - It s My Life 02. Bon Jovi - Blaze Of Glory 03. Ray Davies - All Day And All Of The Night 04. Rod Stewart - Baby Jane 05. Train - Ramble On 06. Train - Hey Soul Sister 07. Rumer - Take Me As I Am 08. Lissie - Little Lovin 09. Stevie Nicks - Gold Dust Woman 10. Stevie Nicks - Secret Love 11. Stevie Nicks - Landslide 12. Adam Ant - Ant Music 13. Vintage Trouble - Blues Hand Me Down 14. The Kaiser Chiefs - I Predict A Riot 15. The Killers - A Dustland Fairytale 16. The Killers - Moon River 17. The Killers - Mr. Brightside 18. The Killers - Human 19. The Killers - When You Were Young 20. Bon Jovi - Always 21. Bon Jovi - Livin On A Prayer 22. Rod Stewart with Stevie Nicks - Young Turks 23. Rod Stewart with Ronnie Wood - Stay With Me 24. Rod Stewart - Sailing
77881 The story of the battle to free Debbie Peagler an incarcerated survivor of brutal domestic violence. Over 26 years in prison cannot crush the spirit of this determined African-American woman despite the injustices she has experienced first at the hands of a duplicitous boyfriend who beat her and forced her into prostitution and later by prosecutors who cornered her into a life behind bars for her connection to the murder of her abuser. Her story takes an unexpected turn two decades later when a pair of rookie land-use attorneys cut their teeth on her case -- and attract global attention to the troubled intersection of domestic violence and criminal justice.
77910 FOR LOVERS ONLY is a story of a MAN and a WOMAN in love. After seeing each other for the first time in years while on separate work assignments in Paris the LOVERS flee together and travel by train car and motorcycle as their love affair takes them across France-from Normandy to St. Tropez. Throughout their trip both characters experience long periods of carefree bliss and unrepentant joy punctuated by brief moments of guilt and confusion. The final outcome of the affair is left open to interpretation.
78047 Disney's irresistible talking puppies are back in an all-new movie that takes them halfway across the world to the ruins of ancient Egypt. With the help of some exotic new friends this epic adventure is a treasure trove of pure Buddy fun. In a race against a devious cat the Buddies and their new friends Cammy and Babi must avoid booby traps solve puzzles and explore a mysterious tomb - all in search of the greatest treasure known to animalkind!
78098 A harsh dose of cinematic realism about a harsh time – the Bosnian War of the 1990s – Juanita Wilson's drama is taken from true stories revealed during the International Criminal Tribunal in The Hague. Samira is a modern schoolteacher in Sarajevo who takes a job in a small country village just as the war is beginning to ramp up. When Serbian soldiers overrun the village shoot the men and keep the women as laborers (the older ones) and sex objects (the younger ones) Samira is subjected to the basest form of treatment imaginable.
78192 See Michael Jackson one of the most recognizable and popular entertainers of all time like never before in the feature-length tribute Michael Jackson: The Life of an Icon. Known to millions of fans worldwide for his record-breaking albums groundbreaking music videos mesmerizing dance moves and humanitarian efforts his true story has never really been told...until now. This unprecedented look into the King of Pop's fascinating life includes all-new interviews with his mother Katherine Jackson as well as siblings Tito and Rebbie Jackson family friends and music legends such as Smokey Robinson Dionne Warwick and many more.
78401 Amira an aspiring young dancer is cast out of her uncle's home in Tangiers when she refuses to either get married or become a housemaid. She finds refuge in the apartment of some girlfriends who earn their living as prostitutes. Pia and Tom a young German couple have come to Morocco seeking musical inspiration. When they meet her in a nightclub Amira's sensual dancing inspires the thought of a potential love triangle that might help stimulate Pia's stagnant relationship with Tom. Amira with ulterior motives embraces the idea of an affair with Tom hoping this might provide an opportunity to change her fate.
78556 Based on the true story of Matthew Winkler a beloved minister who in 2006 was found shot and killed in his Selmer Tennessee home his wife and young daughters missing. Authorities soon zeroed in on Matthew's wife Mary as the prime suspect in the murder. After her capture the residents of Selmer were left to wonder what would drive Mary to shoot her husband in the back as he slept. They would get their answers during her trial when what went on behind the closed doors of this seemingly perfect family was revealed for all to see.
78573 In 1928 Dr. Max Gerson a German-Jewish researcher stumbled upon a therapy that has cured tens of thousands of people worldwide since then including patients's previously thought incurable by their doctors. For the first time this film chronicles the epic true story of Gerson's miracle.  A cure for cancer and most other chronic and degenerative diseases has been available since 1928. The therapy was developed by Max Gerson MD a German Jewish physician hailed by Nobel Laureate Albert Schweitzer as “the most brilliant medical genius ever.”  Nine Gerson patients relate stories of recovery from the most deadly cancers (liver ovarian pancreatic) up to nineteen years ago. Their inspiring testimonies are powerful evidence of the Therapy’s effectiveness. Charlotte Gerson also describes her lifelong efforts to keep the Therapy alive despite powerful opposition.
"78713 Pollyanna Whittier goes to live with her wealthy but bitter aunt after the tragic death of her father. Pollyanna shares a game her father taught her -- the 'Glad Game' -- in which everyone can find a silver lining in even the darkest cloud and her sunny nature good humor and determination to look on the bright side of life prove to have an astonishing effect on those around her. With the help of her orphaned friend Jimmy Bean she casts her spell on the grumpiest townsfolk of Beldingsville -- including the cynical shut-in Mrs. Snow the morose millionaire Mr. Pendleton and the enigmatic Dr. Chilton. And Pollyanna masterminds the romance between her Aunt's maid Nancy and the handyman Tim. It is only Aunt Polly who cannot bring herself to embrace Pollyanna's innocence and joy. But all is not straightforward in Pollyanna's war against pessimism since she must overcome a personal tragedy that threatens to banish ""glad"" from her vocabulary forever."
79010 Sexy. Slammin'. Outrageous. Hurl all the adjectives you want but one word says it all: Britney. (Ms. Spears if you're nasty.) The Grammy-winning pop diva storms the stage with a fierce mix of fan-favorite hits and hot new tracks from her latest album Femme Fatale in this concert special taped before a sold-out crowd in Toronto. Whether you're in the market for bodacious dance moves killer costume changes or that make-you-melt Louisiana drawl Britney's bringing 'em all - bigger and better than ever.
79172 Humanity’s ascent is often measured by the speed of progress. But what if progress is actually spiraling us downwards towards collapse? Ronald Wright whose best-seller “A Short History Of Progress” inspired “Surviving Progress” shows how past civilizations were destroyed by “progress traps”—alluring technologies and belief systems that serve immediate needs but ransom the future. As pressure on the world’s resources accelerates and financial elites bankrupt nations can our globally-entwined civilization escape a final catastrophic progress trap? With potent images and illuminating insights from thinkers who have probed our genes our brains and our social behaviour this requiem to progress-as-usual also poses a challenge: to prove that making apes smarter isn’t an evolutionary dead-end.
79242 After 7 years The Rock finally returns to action to join forces with his WrestleMania opponent John Cena to create the most charismatic tag team of all time.  Can these 2 bitter rivals work together to defeat the formidable chaos causing coalition of the Miz and R-Truth? Also the Straight Edge Superstar CM Punk finally gets his one-on-one rematch for the WWE Championship when he challenges Alberto Del Rio. And just one month removed from their titanic clash that destroyed the ring Mark Henry and Big Show battle in a rematch for the World Heavyweight Championship. Madison Square Garden comes alive for the 25th anniversary of Survivor Series.  Survivor Series (2011) was a PPV that took place on November 20 2011 at Madison Square Garden in New York City. It was presented by THQ's WWE '12. It was the 25th annual Survivor Series event.
79310 Recorded in London earlier 2011 Chatterbox Live invites you to enter the wonderful world of Sarah Millican--where living alone drives your parents to put you on suicide watch; where a cup of tea in the bath is the epitome of luxury and where free family planning clinic condoms make perfect stocking fillers. Released for the first time on DVD and ruder than on telly Chatterbox Live showcases Sarah’s hilarious views on modern life and positions her as a comedian at the very top of her game.
79327 Based on the fifteenth best-selling children's book of all time The Littlest Angel tells the story of a young boy who arrives in heaven before his time. Home-sick and lonely he will travel back to earth with his friendly pup Halo to retrieve a most selfless and precious gift for The Baby Jesus. Experience the love laughter and magic of one of the most popular children's stories of all time. From the classic book by Charles Tazewell comes the CGI animated film The Littlest Angel.
79451 Our story begins at the end of Sharpe's Challenge. Sharpe and Harper are en route to Madras when they encounter a baggage train from the East India Company traveling through hostile territory. Chitu a legendary bandit leader in control of the area strikes fear in the members of the party. When an attack occurs Sharpe takes control of the situation leading the group 300 miles through enemy territory and training the disorganized rag-tag group to be proper soldiers. Despite all these responsibilities Sharpe still manages to find time for a little romance...
"79463 A once-powerful but now ailing movie director nears the end of his life. As he awaits death he slips into a ""dream"" and is shown three ""snippets"" of the movie of his son's life. At first suspicious then curious and ultimately captivated he watches his son's growth from mid-teens to mid-thirties as the son pursues his life-long love Isabelle. The two constants through these snippets are his pursuit of Isabelle and the imagined voice of his father telling him that he is worthless and unwanted. It is not until the story reaches its conclusion that the old man discovers the surprising truth about his son and himself."
79483 Having performed live to over 1.2m people the UK’s hardest working comedian Jimmy Carr is back with his brand new stand-up DVD. Star of hit TV shows 8 Out of 10 Cats and 10 O’clock Live Jimmy is well known for his slick one liners and non-stop gags but his acerbic wit and fast-paced comedy style are at their brilliant best when he has the stage to himself. Packed with over 100 minutes of brand new material including too-rude-for-TV jokes hilarious heckling and even better put-downs Jimmy pushes the boundaries of comedy and delivers a spectacular show.
"79545 Growing up in Las Vegas Danny and Melissa meet at age eight and are destined to become life-long friends. During their teen years they cling to each other for love and security but as they grow older their lives take different paths. Danny fills the void in his heart with his passion and love for America's favorite pastime. Melissa filled with the insecurities of her youth struggles to find the strength to pursue her childhood dreams. Although apart their lives are forever connected. Like a glorious seven-game world series ""Pitcher and the Pin-Up"" is a story of imperishable hope courage faith love and coming home."
79583 ShowBusiness: The Road to Broadway is an American documentary film directed by Dori Berinstein a Broadway Producer Writer and Filmmaker.  Berinstein filmed each principal musical on Broadway for her project during the 2003-2004 season for about 600 hours of initial film footage. She focused the film on four musicals through the difficulties of pre-production their openings attendant publicity around the shows and their reviews through the 2004 Tony Award competition. The four musicals documented for the film were: Wicked Taboo Caroline or Change Avenue Q.
79628 By vividly recounting the TT's legendary rivalries and the Isle of Man's unique road racing history this 3D feature documentary discovers why modern TT riders still risk their lives to win the world's most dangerous race. The Isle of Man Tourist Trophy is the greatest motorcycle road race in the world the ultimate challenge for rider and machine. It has always called for a commitment far beyond any other racing event and many have made the ultimate sacrifice in their quest for victory. A story about freedom of choice the strength of human spirit and the will to win. It's also an examination of what motivates those rare few this elite band of brothers who risk everything to win.
79695 DHL Founder and billionaire Larry Hillblom seemed to have vanished into thin air when he failed to return from a routine flight in his vintage Seabee over the Pacific. After his disappearance a dark side of Larry emerged. Even before he was officially declared dead bar girls throughout Southeast Asia came forward claiming to have had children by Larry and seeking a piece of his vast fortune. BILLIONAIRE unravels the secretive and scandalous life of this enigmatic and reclusive tycoon. The battle over his estate took on epic proportions pitting impoverished teenage prostitutes against Larry's former business associates and several of the largest law firms in the world. In the end it is a David and Goliath story as a surprising hero emerges to untangle the web and discover the startling truth.
79708 This documentary looks at the conception design and live shows of The Wall performed by Pink Floyd in 1980 and 1981. It features in-depth 1980s era interviews with Roger Waters David Gilmour Richard Wright and Nick Mason and shows footage of The Wall performed at Earl's Court in 1980. It also features archival footage of the Syd Barrett era Pink Floyd and discusses how David Gilmour was brought into the band to initially augment their live shows when Syd became unreliable due to his drug problem and how Gilmour ultimately replaced him.
"79712 The Black Parade Is Dead! is MCR's final performance as their onstage characters the Black Parade. The Black Parade centres around a dying character called The Patient who reflects on events in his life while he is confronted by Death in the form of his fondest memory that of his father bringing him to see a marching band. This is based on frontman Gerard Way's belief that death comes to a person in the form of their fondest memory. The band is seen in their Black Parade uniforms throughout the performance and during the first song ""The End"" Gerard Way is seen taking the role of The Patient before tearing off his hospital gown to reveal his uniform."
79931 Live At The Royal Albert Hall was recorded on September 22nd. 2011 at the height of what has been an amazing year for Adele.  This concert video features vocalist Adele's groundbreaking performance at the Royal Albert Hall in London. Set-List: 1. Hometown Glory / 2. I'll Be Waiting / 3. Don't You Remember / 4. Turning Tables / 5. Set Fire to the Rain / 6. If It Hadn't Been for Love / 7. My Same / 8. Take It All / 9. Rumour Has It / 10. Right as Rain / 11. One and Only / 12. Lovesong / 13. Chasing Pavements / 14. I Can't Make You Love Me / 15. Make You Feel My Love / 16. Someone like You / 17. Rolling in the Deep.
80144 En ung vacker kvinna hittas död i Göta Älv och på fingret bär hon en briljantförsedd vigselring som tillhör någon annan. Kriminalinspektör Irene Huss och hennes kollegor sätts på fallet och får direkt problem. Obduktionen visar att dödsorsaken inte är drunkning utan en skallskada. Vem är hon? Hon är inte saknad ingen kan identifiera henne ingen vet någonting. Samtidigt i ett nedgånget barackområde sitter en misshandlad man och ruvar på en fruktansvärd hemlighet... Angela Kovįcs återkommer i rollen som Irene Huss. Vi får även återse Lasse Brandeby Reuben Sallmander Eric Ericson Dag Malmberg och Anki Lidén. Dessutom kommer en ny kriminaltekniker in i teamet i form av Moa Gammel känd från bl a Sommaren med Göran. Äntligen är succé-serien om Irene Huss tillbaka även denna gång baserad på Helene Turstens bästsäljande deckarserie och med mer spänning än någonsin.
80172 SummerSlam (2009) was a PPV which took place on August 23 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles California and was presented by 7-Eleven. It was the 22nd annual SummerSlam event.  The main events of the evening included: CM Punk challenging World Heavyweight Champion Jeff Hardy in a Tables Ladders and Chairs match for the title John Cena challenging WWE Champion Randy Orton for the title William Regal challenging ECW Champion Christian for the title and D-Generation X's Triple H and Shawn Michaels versus The Legacy's Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase. Other matches featured on the show were WWE Intercontinental Champion Rey Mysterio versus Dolph Ziggler Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) against Jack Swagger Chris Jericho and The Big Show defending the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship against Cryme Tyme and Kane facing The Great Khali.
80174 Fatal 4-Way was a PPV which took place on June 20 2010 at the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale New York. The concept of the show was based around three championship matches in the card that were contested as Fatal Four-Way matches.  The WWE Championship was defended by John Cena against Randy Orton Edge and Sheamus. The World Heavyweight Championship was defended by Jack Swagger against CM Punk Rey Mysterio and the Big Show.  Kofi Kingston defended the IC Belt against Drew McIntyre The Miz defended the US Belt against R-Truth and Evan Bourne fought Jericho in a singles match.
80188 A young Brooklyn boy witnesses the brutal murder of his mother and grows up obsessed with finding her killer. Thus begins his life as a quiet straight-A student by day and a self-appointed hero at night. But what is a real hero? And who decides what is right or wrong? As the boundaries blur Sean's dual life wears on his psyche and his two worlds careen dangerously close to colliding. Like a graphic novel you can't put down Boy Wonder challenges morality distorting perceptions of what is right and what is justified as it races to its shocking conclusion.
80261 A doomed love affair blooms against the beautiful and exotic backdrop of the deserts of India in this romantic drama. Samantha Hartley (Kelli Garner) is a woman in her early twenties who travels to Rajapur in India to visit a resort where her mother stayed years ago. While tracing the steps of her mother Sara (Lynn Collins) Samantha learns the true story about her mother's stormy marriage to Jeremy (Justin Theroux) a charming but moody alcoholic. Only a few days after their wedding Sara began to wonder if marrying Jeremy was a mistake and while visiting India on their honeymoon Sara met Jai Singh (Manoj Bajpai) a handsome and sensitive widower living in Rajapur. Jai Singh who speaks fluent English soon strikes up a friendship with Sara that quickly grows into a romance but both are aware of the transgressive nature of their love and their affair takes a tragic turn leaving its scars on all parties involved.
80306 On Skeet’s twelfth birthday his older brother Randy buys him his first surfboard. Suddenly his summer turns to the endless search for the perfect wave wild times and beach parties and eventually finding his own daring adventures when Randy’s attention turns to a girl. Beyond his wildest dreams Skeet is taken under the wings of surfing legend Jim Wesley who gives Skeet first-hand lessons in hot-dogging. Meanwhile Randy still dealing with the loss of his father and trying to fill his shoes is jealous of Jim’s influence on Skeet and isn’t thrilled when Jim begins a relationship with their single mom. Tangled by the conflict between his brother and his newfound father figure Skeet retreats to his room while longing to surf.
"80308 Clarence Reid is a musician who wrote and produced romantic and spiritual songs for some of the greatest Southern soul and R&B acts of the 1960s and '70s. He is also the gonzo performer Blowfly Clarence's freaky alter ego and the original X-rated rapper. ""The Weird World of Blowfly"" explores both sides of this hilarious and controversial artist providing a rare inside peek at the infamous linguist's daily life. Now 69-years-old with a gold-spangled superhero costume and a catalog of the world's raunchiest tunes Blowfly tours the world still struggling for success and recognition after 50 years of making music. The film highlights both Clarence's and Blowfly's unique contributions to music history including Top-10 R&B hits and what might be the world's first rap song recorded in 1965."
"80327 I AM I is the story of a young woman Rachael who meets the father she never knew Gene at her mother's funeral. She discovers that her father is completely delusional and believes her to be her dead mother. After Rachael visits Gene in an assisted living home she learns that he suffers from a disease called Korsakov's Syndrome a form of retrograde amnesia and that her mother had placed him in this facility for treatment a year earlier. He does not remember anything past the age of thirty-three and believes that he is still a young man. Unable to convince him of who she really is Rachael decides to go along with her father's delusions by pretending to be her mother and discovers that under this guise she and Gene can have ""normal"" conversations. Before long Rachael is visiting Gene everyday finding new ways to bring elements from his past into their present relationship."
80544 MARTHA EVANS has been abandoned by her ne'er-do-well husband who took all their cash and left her homeless and virtually destitute with her two daughters and stepson. Martha leaves town in hopes of finding a job and a place to stay she finally finds a job at a sleepy rural diner formerly famous for its home-made root beer. But with her car broken down and the bills piling up it looks like it's going to be a bleak Christmas for the Evans family. However there are warm hearts working behind the scenes that ultimately make this the happiest holiday of Martha's life -- a real answer to her prayers
80582 A documentary filmmaker goes on a 52-day journey to find evidence supporting the effectiveness of the Gerson Therapy -- a long-suppressed natural cancer cure. His travels take him from Alaska to Mexico with stops in San Diego New York Japan Holland and Spain. In the end he presents the testimonies of patients scientists surgeons and nutritionists who testify to the therapy s efficacy in curing cancer and other degenerative diseases and presents the hard scientific proof to back up their claims. Testimonies include: a Japanese medical school professor who cured himself of liver cancer over 15 years ago a lymphoma patient who was diagnosed as terminal over 50 years ago as well as from noted critics of this world-renowned healing method who dismiss it out of hand as pure quackery. So the question that remains is Why is this powerful curative therapy still suppressed more than 75 years after it was clearly proven to cure degenerative diseases?
80590 The time has come for a ski film that stands for something. Join us as we unite spectacular cinematography with creative cinematic language to fuse our passion for skiing with our potential to help the environment. In bringing the planet to life and drawing parallels between our daily existence we find common ground between the global situation and the real individual. Epic natural cinematography ground breaking skiing from Chile to Greenland and an environmental engagement that creates an accessible identification point for the viewer leaving them with an inspiring new perspective.
80682 Made in Stoke 24/7/11 is the second live album by English hard rock guitarist Slash. Featuring American vocalist Myles Kennedy the album was recorded on Slash's debut solo tour in Stoke-on-Trent Slash's birthplace. It was released by Armoury Records a division of Eagle Rock Entertainment on 14 November 2011 as a live album and DVD. As well as songs from Slash's self-titled debut album Made in Stoke also includes songs originally performed by the guitarist's previous bands Guns N' Roses Slash's Snakepit and Velvet Revolver.
80686 Time Flies contains all 36 videos ever made by the band (many previously unreleased) including versions made for the UK and American markets. The songs that comprise this DVD span 15 glorious years walked tall alongside a staggering seven consecutive number one albums. Starting with their irresistible debut 'Supersonic' and finishing with their very last release 'Falling Down' the album features clips for all of their singles 23 of them Top Tens including eight #1's. Features 'Wonderwall' 'Live Forever' 'Don't Look Back In Anger' 'Champagne Supernova' 'All Around The World' and many more.
80787 Alan Turing is the genius British mathematician who was instrumental in breaking the German naval Enigma Code during World War II arguably saving millions of lives.  Turing's achievements went unrecognised during his lifetime. Instead he ended up being treated as a common criminal for being homosexual at a time when homosexual acts were a crime.  In 1952 he was convicted of 'gross indecency' with another man and was forced to undergo so-called 'organo-therapy' - chemical castration.  Two years later he killed himself with cyanide aged just 41. Alan Turing was driven to a terrible despair and early death by the nation he'd done so much to save.
80810 A boy is orphaned and his only surviving relatives an ageing aunt and uncle somewhat reluctantly take him in. The aunt still traumatised by the death by drowning years earlier of her own two sons has little idea how to handle the boy. As if losing his parents and not really feeling welcome in his new home were not enough the boy is bullied at school. He seeks sanctuary from all of his troubles in the open air in the company of wolves and particularly in the presence of a young wolf whose life he has saved.
80836 Surendra (T. Gopichand) is an honest and hot-blooded cop. Archana (Gowri Pandit) is the daughter of police commissioner. They meet accidentally and their relationship blossoms into love. Archana's father is of Bihar origin. Parents settle the match of Surendra and Archana. When they are about to get engaged Surendra expresses his reservations due to Archana overhearing her father's conversation with his long estranged sister on the subject of Archana and Sinha marrying. Surendra takes the blame for the destroyed relationship and Archana goes back to Bihar to wed her cousin Sinha (Salim Baig). The rest of the story is all about how Surendra goes to Bihar and wins Archana back.
"81125 Carnage reigns supreme at the last event of 2011: WWE TLC. The Pay-Per-View extravaganza which legalizes the use of Tables Ladders and Chairs!Former clique members Triple H and Kevin Nash face each other in a Ladder Match with a sledgehammer hanging above the ring—whoever can climb up and grab the weapon can inflict massive damage without ramifications. Two behemoths collide when World Heavyweight Champion Mark Henry and Big Show lock horns in a slug fest of gigantic proportions with each looking to maim his opponent with chairs and ""The Best in the World"" CM Punk must fend off both Alberto Del Rio and The Miz in a chaotic Triple Threat TLC Match for the WWE title that will test the physical and mental limits of all three men.  TLC: Tables Ladders & Chairs (2011) was the third annual TLC: Tables Ladders & Chairs PPV. It took place on December 18 2011 at the 1st Mariner Arena in Baltimore Maryland."
81127 Tina and Lea are best friends who are also avid fans of Vilma Santos. They were inseparable until Lea decides to leave the country and go to Korea. They promise that someday they will really become one big happy family when their children get married. Years after by virtue of an old vow Lucky Girl and Lucky Boy are forced to be together by their mothers. Problem is they hate each other's guts. But just when they're falling for each other love plays a trick on the meddling moms which threatens to bring the young lovers apart.
81332 Wendy Walton is the best designer in Boston... but no one knows it yet. Hoping to kick-start her career Wendy has left work with the local theatre to take a job as an assistant to Priscilla Hall the most prestigious designer in the city. Ms. Hall works Wendy around the clock which is how Wendy finds herself trapped in an elevator late one night with an incredibly handsome stranger. Wendy and the mystery man share an impulsive romantic life changing kiss before the doors open and Wendy runs out leaving him behind. The next day at work Wendy answers the door to find the handsome gentleman standing in front of her.
81337 The Putin System is a documentary chronicling Putin’s rise to power in Russia along with the implications for ordinary Russian people.  Russia is once again flexing its muscles. This time its weapons are not the Red Army or its nuclear arsenal but the huge energy resources lying under the Siberian tundra.  Vladimir Putin is the man responsible for the reemergence of Russia as a global power but how much is really known about him and his ascendance? This film explores his journey to the highest echelons of the Kremlin and contextualizes his rise against a newly belligerent Russia nostalgic for the past glories of the Soviet empire.  This investigative documentary covers 30 years in the history of Russia through the personal history of Vladimir Putin: a man who has single-mindedly played all the rules of the game to reach the throne of power.
81416 This year Santa’s daughter takes her first trip away from the North Pole during the Christmas season hoping to find adventure and love in sunny California. While Santa watches his daughter through a magic snow globe Annie arrives in L.A. and becomes friends with the owner of Candy Cane Inn Lucy and her daughter Mia. She also quickly lands a job at Wonderland Toys. Wonderland Toys’ owner Ted is struggling to stay in business selling old-fashioned toys in a digital world. Annie soon realizes that she wants Ted’s business to thrive because she has feelings for this Christmas traditionalist.
81440 Teddy Duncan's middle-class family embarks on a road trip from their home in Denver to visit Mrs. Duncans Parents the Blankenhoopers in Palm Springs. When they find themselves stranded between Denver and Utah they try to hitch a ride to Las Vegas with a seemingly normal older couple in a station wagon from Roswell New Mexico. It turns out that the couple believes they are the victims of alien abduction. The Duncan's must resort to purchasing a clunker Yugo to get to Utah have their luggage stolen in Las Vegas and survive a zany Christmas with Grandpa and Grandma Blankenhooper.
81570 Live at Knebworth also known as Live Summer 2003 with different cover text is a live album by English pop singer Robbie Williams recorded and released in 2003. The album is his first live album and is a compilation of songs performed during three consecutive shows at Knebworth England.The three shows attracted a total of 375000 fans. It became the fastest and biggest selling live album ever in the United Kingdom. It has been certified 3x Platinum by the IFPI for shipments over 3 million copies altogether the album has sold over 3.5 million copies worldwide.
81681 Live From Beyond Hell/Above Heaven was taped in November 2010 at Volbeat's sold out show at the Forum in Copenhagen. The show had a TON of special guests including L-G Petrov from Entombed A.D. Jakob Ųelund Pernille Rosendahl Millie Petrozza from Kreator Michael Denner from Mercyful Fate Mikkel Kessler Johan Olsen and Scott Ian of the legendary Anthrax  There’s also some footage from Rock Am Ring in June 2011. Last but not least there’s some clips from the House of Blues in Anaheim California taped in April 2011. This is the first official recording of Rob playing with the band.
81707 A vivid dynamic Southern coming-of-age drama takes place in the transitional space between high school and college when life seems to be all questions and no answers and the future is scarily wide open. Set in and around a Charleston SC Baptist church weaving through this ensemble piece are three main characters - Brea an introspective pastor's daughter experiencing debilitating doubt the hyperactive Laura Brea's best friend and a devout believer and Tim the open-hearted son of a single father confronting his homosexuality for the first time. Tensions and buried feelings abound as colleges are chosen and adults behave badly as Brea Laura and Tim attempt to hang onto what they have all the while yearning to break free.
81757 Matt a self-absorbed young attorney goes to visit his grandfather - an eccentric recluse who lives in the backwoods without gas electricity or phone - to convince him not to give away his estate as he plans to do. But in the end it is Matt who is convinced to make some life changes. Jason London and Ed Asner star.  When a woman needs someone to look after her aging father (Ed Asner) her irresponsible son isn't her first choice. Matt (Jason London) can't get his career love life or wallet in order so how can he be expected to check in on his grandfather? But desperation leads Matt to visit his grandfather at his home in the middle of nowhere. For Matt this barebones life takes some adjustment but then he meets a single mother who helps him learn about the simple life.
81759 The strain of juggling her responsibilities as wife mother and successful paralegal have worn Emma Burke out. Thus it is that Emma welcomes the opportunity to briefly take leave of her Boston home and head for sunny Hawaii. It is not however a pleasure trip: Having promised to honor the dying wishes of her Hawaiian-born surrogate mother. Leaving her husband Mike behind to care for their two children Emma arrives in Hawaii for the first time since childhood where she is reunited with her childhood friend Kala the handsome son of her late surrogate parent.
"81815 Life on the Murder Scene is the first live album by New Jersey's My Chemical Romance. It was released on March 21 2006 (see 2006 in music). The release includes three discs (two DVDs and one CD) of the whole history documenting the band from the start to the present. Life on the Murder Scene is a predominantly live album but also includes two demo tracks and a previously unreleased track. Models Jamisin Matthews and Jaime Andrews portray the demolition couple in the cover photo booklet packaging DVD art and DVD menus.  One DVD documents the band on the road in the form of a diary and the other covers live footage Sessions@AOL MTV $2 Bill performance and four of their videos with the behind-the-scenes ""Making Of..."" for three of them. The cover features a live version of ""Demolition Lovers II"" (the name of the album cover of Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge)."
"81899 Trek Nation is a documentary film directed by Scott Colthorp examining the positive impact that Star Trek and creator Gene Roddenberry may have had on people's lives as seen through the eyes of his son Eugene Roddenberry Jr. (""Rod""). It includes interviews with castmembers and crew from all five Star Trek shows as well as various fans and celebrities who were markedly influenced by the show while growing up. Rod Roddenberry also visits Skywalker Ranch to interview George Lucas on the influence that Star Trek had on him. Lucas shares how he had gone to Star Trek conventions prior to creating Star Wars."
82099 Thirty-something Hillary Burns has spent her life trying to get the approval of her parents most specifically her judgmental mother Meredith Burns thus far without success. Part of that approval for Hillary is to marry the right man. That's why Hillary is so happy that she is engaged to successful lawyer Jason King who she will bring home to meet the family for the first time at their Thanksgiving get-together weekend in a week's time. However Hillary's life starts to fall apart when simultaneously she loses her part-time newspaper writing job when the newspaper itself folds and Jason dumps her as he tries to focus on his career which is seemingly more important to him than Hillary. On the advice of her best friend Sophie Hillary - who feels she can't go home without Jason especially as her two sisters' lives seem to meet their mother's approval - decides...
82245 It's 1950: 15-year old Henry Dodge lives with his mother Maureen and her new husband Bill. Encouraged by his embittered and meddling paternal grandmother Henry refuses to accept Bill and wishes to keep alive the memory of his father Joey a decorated Dunkirk hero killed by a deserter during an air raid. After new class-mate Grace and kindly school teacher Mrs Beaumont have persuaded Henry to forgive Paul Jeffries (the deserter's son) Joey appears claiming to have lost his memory and anxious to get his family back. But Grace is right to be suspicious of him and the stories told by Henry's mother support her...
"82416 ""The Miracle of the Cards"" is based on the true story of Marion Shergold and her son Craig an eight-year-old English boy who had a brain tumor. Several events convinced Marion that God was leading her to a cure for Craig and that the get-well cards he was receiving had the power to keep him alive so she launched a worldwide campaign to break the Guinness record for receiving the most get-well cards. At the time the world record seemed an impossible 1000265 but Craig received over 350 million cards from all over the world. Against the advice of her doctors Marion followed one of those cards to America for Craig's miraculous cure."
82437 Filmmaker Ralph Arlyck first met Sean while living as a graduate student in Haight Ashbury at the height of the 1960s.  The city was awash with the trappings of America’s cultural revolution-the San Francisco State University campus flooded with cops in riot gear the Haight filled with drifters and idealists and on the third floor of Arlyck’s building a come-one-come-all crashpad apartment. It was from this top floor commune that the precocious 4-year-old Sean would occasionally wander downstairs to visit and talk-and one day Arlyck turned on his camera.  Sean’s casual commentary on everything from smoking pot to living with speed freaks was delivered in simple sincerity throughout the soon-to-be famous 15-minute film. This First Child of the notorious decade may have shaken the audience with his simple sentence- “Sure I smoke pot”-but it was his barefoot impishness which would encapsulate the hope that lay in front of the nation: a promise of infinite possibility.
82507 True-crime writer Ellison Oswald is in a slump; he hasn't had a best seller in more than 10 years and is becoming increasingly desperate for a hit. So when he discovers the existence of a snuff film showing the deaths of a family he vows to solve the mystery. He moves his own family into the victims' home and gets to work. However when old film footage and other clues hint at the presence of a supernatural force Ellison learns that living in the house may be fatal.
"82565 ""Sonicsgate"" is a feature documentary film exposing the truth behind how Seattle lost the SuperSonics after a heated legal battle in 2008. The perfect storm of corporate greed and political impotence formed to rob loyal Seattle sports fans of their oldest professional franchise. The team's celebrated 41-year run in Seattle included an NBA Championship three Western Conference titles six division titles and legendary players such as Gary Payton Shawn Kemp Ray Allen Tom Chambers Xavier McDaniel Jack Sikma Freddy Brown Slick Watts and Spencer Haywood... just to name a few. As NBA salaries skyrocketed following the 1999 player lockout the league's business model changed to require expansive new buildings paid for with taxpayer dollars. Seattle's KeyArena built in 1995 as a remodel of the old Seattle Coliseum just wouldn't cut it anymore according to NBA Commissioner David Stern..."
"82632 ""The American Dream"" Dusty Rhodes will forever be remembered as the working man's champion. A master at the mic and a three-time World Heavyweight Champion he has had legendary confrontations with sports-entertainments top stars including Ric Flair Harley Race ""SuperStar"" Billy Graham Terry Funk and Tully Blanchard. Decades later his contributions to sports-entertainment are still being felt. This Three-disc release will present his life's story as well as his most memorable matches and interviews from his days in the AWA NWA and WWWF WWE and WCW."
82643 After an expose on NFL players causes a series of lawsuits a reporter gets fired. A loyal editor nonetheless gives him a freelance story to work on. It seems that an athletic 19-year-old actor had been preparing to star in a low-budget gridiron movie when a mysterious assailant attacked him and destroyed his appearance. He was of course dismissed from the film. The reporter is to find out the true story of what happened. His investigation finds a history of beating his wife and a complete disinterest from the movie crew's producer.
82682 Los Angeles 1949. Ruthless Brooklyn-born mob king Mickey Cohen runs the show in this town reaping the ill-gotten gains from the drugs the guns the prostitutes and — if he has his way — every wire bet placed west of Chicago. And he does it all with the protection of not only his own paid goons but also the police and the politicians who are under his control. It’s enough to intimidate even the bravest street-hardened cop… except perhaps for the small secret crew of LAPD outsiders led by Sgt. John O’Mara and Jerry Wooters who come together to try to tear Cohen’s world apart.
82686 It would be hard to name anyone who has had more of an impact in the realm of animal research and wildlife conservation than Jane Goodall whose 45 year study of wild chimpanzees in Africa is legendary. In Jane's Journey we travel with her across several continents from her childhood home in England to the Gombe National Park in Tanzania where she began her groundbreaking research and where she still returns every year to enjoy the company of the chimpanzees that made her famous. Featuring a wide range of interviews and spectacular footage from her own private collection Jane's Journey is an inspiring portrait of the private person behind the world-famous icon.
82690 Wreck-It Ralph is the 9-foot-tall 643-pound villain of an arcade video game named Fix-It Felix Jr. in which the game's titular hero fixes buildings that Ralph destroys. Wanting to prove he can be a good guy and not just a villain Ralph escapes his game and lands in Hero's Duty a first-person shooter where he helps the game's hero battle against alien invaders. He later enters Sugar Rush a kart racing game set on tracks made of candies cookies and other sweets. There Ralph meets Vanellope von Schweetz who has learned that her game is faced with a dire threat that could affect the entire arcade and one that Ralph may have inadvertently started.
"82781 Our Town is a three-act play by American playwright Thornton Wilder. It is a character story about an average town's citizens in the early twentieth century as depicted through their everyday lives. Using metatheatrical devices Wilder sets the play in a 1930s theater. He uses the actions of the Stage Manager to create the town of Grover's Corners for the audience. Scenes from its history between the years of 1901 and 1913 play out. Originally broadcast on the Showtime Network then as part of the PBS series ""Masterpiece Theatre"" (season 33 episode 1)."
82861 If ever there was an album worthy of inclusion in Eagle Vision’s Classic Albums series it is Queen’s breakout release A Night At The Opera. Released in 1975 this was not only the band’s first platinum album but also the one that catapulted them into the spotlight as one of the biggest rock acts in the world. Now for the first time fans are offered an in-depth look at one of rock music’s seminal records with the Classic Albums DVD Queen — The Making Of A Night At The Opera.
82866 Fog City Mavericks: The Filmmakers of San Francisco is a compelling exploration of the legendary filmmakers who call the San Francisco Bay Area home including George Lucas Francis Ford Coppola Clint Eastwood Chris Columbus and producer Saul Zaentz. The special weaves interviews commentaries and unforgettable moments from some of the most visionary movies ever created such as American Graffiti the Star Wars film series the Indiana Jones film series The Godfather trilogy Apocalypse Now One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest Amadeus Toy Story The Incredibles Lost in Translation Flags of Our Fathers and many others. It also features interviews with those who have worked with Bay Area mavericks: Steven Spielberg Michael Douglas Anthony Minghella Milos Forman and Frank Darabont.
82914 What does it take to be the fastest? From award-winning filmmaker Mark Neale comes Fastest a spectacular maximum-speed full-length documentary delving deep into the world of MotoGP™. This thrilling documentary narrated by Ewan McGregor highlights the thrills spills and incredible commitment and courage the sport demands of it stars. With unprecedented behind-the-scenes access and never before seen angles interviews and insight this truly cinematic experience charts the exhilarating highs crushing lows career-threatening crashes and spectacular comebacks including Rossi’s 41 days turn around to race following a leg shattering crash.
82929 In the town of Martin Tennessee Chip Hines a precocious six year old has only known life with his two dads Cody and Joey. And a good life it is. When Cody dies suddenly in a car accident Joey and Chip struggle to find their footing again. Just as they begin to Cody's will reveals that he named his sister as Chip's guardian. The years of Joey's acceptance into the family unravel as Chip is taken away from him. In his now solitary home life Joey searches for a solution. The law is not on his side but friends are. Armed with their comfort and inspired by memories of Cody Joey finds a path to peace with the family and closer to his son.
82967 Before the body-threatening antics of Jackass came crashing into public consciousness there was Ontario's Ralph Zavadil aka Cap'n Video who cascaded off roofs into snowbanks jumped off ladders into half-empty swimming pools and drank eggs through his nostrils. Beauty Day is a rambunctious documentary about this irrepressible pioneer of local-access cable shenanigans who entertained and outraged viewers in the small city of St. Catharines-until a special Easter Show featuring a fat rabbit and adorable puppies (none of which were hurt) got him kicked off the air for good. With a nod to Werner Herzog Cheel follows the life and times of Cap'n Video and finds that the Cap'n is still quite a firecracker. Written by Laurence Kardish
83053 A full-length ballet created by choreographer Christopher Wheeldon for the Royal Ballet at the Royal Opera House Covent Garden. The ballet is based on Lewis Carroll's famous story of Alice an ordinary girl who one summer afternoon falls down a rabbit hole and finds herself on an extraordinary adventure.  The music is by Joby Talbot with designs by the internationally acclaimed Bob Crowley. Alice is danced by the Royal Ballet's Lauren Cuthbertson and actor Simon Russell-Beale plays the cameo role of the Duchess.
83137 Drake Hunter the president of Hunter Marketing has the perfect plan to boost sales for his father's toy company over the holiday season--hire department store Santas to promote his father's merchandise. When the real Santa Claus turns Drake into a Santa lookalike Drake finds himself working as a dress-up Kris Kringle to make ends meet. Stripped of power and position Drake discovers the importance of honesty compassion and respect as he helps an unprivileged girl enjoy the magic of Christmas. Stars Kevin Sorbo.
83242 Bill Pullman (Independence Day Torchwood) stars as Rusty Sabich a judge charged with the murder of his wife a situation that comes 20 years after he was cleared in the death of his mistress. During this latest trial a secret affair from Rusty's recent past threatens to hamper his defense and fracture his relationship with his son. Oscar® winner Marcia Gay Harden (Pollack Damages) plays Rusty's wife while Alfred Molina (Spider-Man 2 Law &amp; Order: LA) is his friend and defense attorney. Scott Turow's Innocent is a sequel to Turow's bestseller Presumed Innocent. The movie is written and directed by Mike Robe
"83460 Away from professional stadiums bright lights and manicured fields there’s another side of soccer. Tucked away on alleys side streets and concrete courts people play in improvised games.  Every country has a different word for it. In the United States it's called “pick-up soccer.” In Trinidad it's ""taking a sweat."" In England it's ""having a kick-about."" In Brazil the word is “pelada” which literally means ""naked""— the game stripped down to its core. It’s the version of the game played by anyone anywhere—and it’s a window into lives all around the world."
83542 A set of six nested stories spanning time between the 19th century and a distant post-apocalyptic future. Cloud Atlas explores how the actions and consequences of individual lives impact one another throughout the past the present and the future. Action mystery and romance weave through the story as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero and a single act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution in the distant future.  Based on the award winning novel by David Mitchell. Directed by Tom Tykwer and the Wachowskis.
84170 Five broken cameras – and each one has a powerful tale to tell. Embedded in the bullet-ridden remains of digital technology is the story of Emad Burnat a farmer from the Palestinian village of Bil’in which famously chose nonviolent resistance when the Israeli army encroached upon its land to make room for Jewish colonists. Emad buys his first camera in 2005 to document the birth of his fourth son Gibreel. Over the course of the film he becomes the peaceful archivist of an escalating struggle as olive trees are bulldozed lives are lost and a wall is built to segregate burgeoning Israeli settlements.
84175 Hushpuppy an intrepid six-year-old girl lives with her father Wink in 'the Bathtub' a southern Delta community at the edge of the world. Wink’s tough love prepares her for the unraveling of the universe—for a time when he’s no longer there to protect her. When Wink contracts a mysterious illness nature flies out of whack—temperatures rise and the ice caps melt unleashing an army of prehistoric creatures called aurochs. With the waters rising the aurochs coming and Wink’s health fading Hushpuppy goes in search of her lost mother.
84196 It is the largest movement the world has ever seen it may also be the most important - in terms of what's at stake. Yet it's not east being green. Environmentalists have been reviled as much as revered for being killjoys and Cassandras. Every battle begins as a lost cause and even the victories have to be fought for again and again. Still environmentalism is one of the great social innovations of the twentieth century and one of the keys to the twenty-first. It has arisen at a key juncture in history when humans have come to rival nature as a power determining the fate of the earth.
84199 Dave a high school senior spends most of his time pining away over a girl he can’t have. Aubrey a junior with artistic aspirations has a hot boyfriend who doesn’t quite understand her or seem to care. Although they go to different schools Dave and Aubrey find themselves at the same party. When both head outside to get some air they meet. A casual conversation sparks an instant connection and over the course of a weekend things turn magical romantic complicated and funny as Aubrey and Dave discover what it's like to fall in love for the first time.
84204 Something sinister has come to the shores of Erin Island unbeknownst to the quaint population of this sleepy fishing village resting somewhere off Ireland’s coast. First some fishermen go missing. Then there is the rash of whale carcasses suddenly washing up on the beach. When the murders start it’s up to two mismatched cops – an irresponsible alcoholic and his new partner a by-the-book woman from the mainland – to protect the townsfolk from the giant bloodsucking tentacled aliens that prey upon them. Their only weapon they discover is booze. If they want to survive the creatures’ onslaught everyone will have to get very very drunk!
84291 On the outskirts of Austin 10-year-old Annie tears around on her BMX bike hurls dough at cars and smashes things up with her baseball bat. Her father a goat-farmer-cum-demolition-derby driver does little parenting. Annie has no friends her age so her daily routine is filled with solitary mischief. Playing in the woods one day she hears a woman’s plaintive call for help from an abandoned well. Though Annie feels driven to visit the well daily she is unsure about how to deal with the woman’s plight.
84306 Newly single 35 and uninspired by his job Jesse Fisher worries that his best days are behind him. But no matter how much he buries his head in a book life keeps pulling Jesse back. When his favorite college professor invites him to campus to speak at his retirement dinner Jesse jumps at the chance. He is prepared for the nostalgia of the dining halls and dorm rooms the parties and poetry seminars; what he doesn’t see coming is Zibby – a beautiful precocious classical-music-loving sophomore. Zibby awakens scary exciting long-dormant feelings of possibility and connection that Jesse thought he had buried forever.
84316 Fourteen-year-old Mo is a lonely sensitive boy whose hunger for the rant and banter of buddies makes him prone to tread dangerous territories. He idolizes his handsome older brother Rashid a charismatic well-respected member of a local gang whose drug dealing enables “Rash” to provide for his family. Aching to be seen as a tough guy himself Mo takes a job that unlocks a fateful turn of events and forces the brothers to confront their inner demons. It turns out that hate is easy. It is love and understanding that take real courage.
"84326 Masha Drokova is a rising star in Russia's popular nationalistic youth movement Nashi. A smart ambitious teenager who – literally – embraced Vladimir Putin and his promise of a greater Russia her dedication as an organizer is rewarded with a university scholarship an apartment and a job as a spokesperson. But her bright political future falters when she befriends a group of liberal journalists who are critical of the government including blogger Oleg Kashin who calls Nashi a ""group of hooligans"" and she's forced to confront the group's dirty – even violent – tactics."
84327 With the epic dimensions of a Shakespearean tragedy The Queen of Versailles follows billionaires Jackie and David’s rags-to-riches story to uncover the innate virtues and flaws of their American dream. We open on the triumphant construction of the biggest house in America a sprawling 90000-square-foot mansion inspired by Versailles. Since a booming time-share business built on the real-estate bubble is financing it the economic crisis brings progress to a halt and seals the fate of its owners. We witness the impact of this turn of fortune over the next two years in a riveting film fraught with delusion denial and self-effacing humor.
84329 Curmudgeonly old Frank lives by himself. His routine involves daily visits to his local library where he has a twinkle in his eye for the librarian. His grown children are concerned about their father’s well-being and buy him a caretaker robot. Initially resistant to the idea Frank soon appreciates the benefits of robotic support – like nutritious meals and a clean house – and eventually begins to treat his robot like a true companion. With his robot’s assistance Frank’s passion for his old unlawful profession is reignited for better or worse.
84342 SOMETHING FROM NOTHING: THE ART OF RAP is a feature length performance documentary about the runaway juggernaut that is Rap music. At the wheel of this unstoppable beast is the film's director and interviewer Ice-T. Taking us on a deeply personal journey Ice-T uncovers how this music of the street has grown to dominate the world. Along the way Ice-T meets a whole spectrum of Hip-Hop talent from founders to new faces to the global superstars like Eminem Dr Dre Snoop Dogg and Kanye West. He exposes the roots and history of Rap and then through meeting many of its most famous protagonists studies the living mechanism of the music to reveal 'The Art Of Rap'. This extraordinary film features unique performances from the entire cast without resorting to archive material to build a fresh and surprising take on the phenomenon that is Rap.
"84347 Paul Simon returns to South Africa to explore the incredible journey of his historic Graceland album including the political backlash he received for allegedly breaking the UN cultural boycott of South Africa designed to end the Apartheid regime.  On the 25th anniversary of Paul Simon's GRACELAND acclaimed documentary filmmaker Joe Berlinger offers a glimpse at the controversy surrounding the decision to record the album in South Africa despite a UN boycott of the nation which was aimed at ending apartheid. In the run-up to an eagerly anticipated reunion concert Simon Quincy Jones Peter Gabriel David Byrne Harry Belafonte Paul McCartney and others reflect on the decision to record with local artists in South Africa and the cultural impact of the album that delivered such hits as ""I Know What I Know"" and ""You Can Call Me Al."""
"84383 Bruce Lee is universally recognized as the pioneer who elevated martial arts in film to an art form and this documentary will reveal why Bruce Lee's flame burns brighter now than the day he died over three decades ago. The greatest martial artists athletes actors directors and producers in the entertainment business today will share their feelings about the one who started it all. We will interview the people whose lives careers and belief systems were forever altered by the legendary ""Father of Martial Arts Cinema"". Rarely seen archival footage and classic photos will punctuate the personal testimonials. Prepare to be inspired."
84404 This year over 5 million American kids will be bullied at school online on the bus at home through their cell phones and on the streets of their towns making it the most common form of violence young people in this country experience. The Bully Project is the first feature documentary film to show how we've all been affected by bullying whether we've been victims perpetrators or stood silent witness. The world we inhabit as adults begins on the playground. The Bully Project opens on the first day of school. For the more than 5 million kids who'll be bullied this year in the United States it's a day filled with more anxiety and foreboding than excitement. As the sun rises and school busses across the country overflow with backpacks brass instruments and the rambunctious sounds of raging hormones this is a ride into the unknown.
"84631 For more than a decade Bret ""Hit Man"" Hart and Shawn Michaels engaged in perhaps the most storied rivalry in the history of sports entertainment from their teams (the Hart Foundation and the Rockers) through battles for the Intercontinental Championship and the richest prize in the business the WWE Championship. Their enmity spilled out of the ring and led to the most infamous incident in the history of professional wrestling The Montreal Screwjob. More than a decade later the two men buried the hatchet as both are now WWE Hall of Famers. Now for the first time ever the two sit down together and rehash their intertwined destinies in Shawn Michaels vs. Bret Hart. These new never-before-aired interviews will shed new light and insight on issues and controversies fans have speculated about for years."
84675 Royal Rumble (2003) was the sixteenth annual Royal Rumble PPV. It was presented by PlayStation and took place on January 19 2003 at the Fleet Center in Boston Massachusetts. As has been customary since 1993 the Royal Rumble match winner received a match at that year's WrestleMania for his choice at either the WWE Championship or the World Heavyweight Championship.  Six professional wrestling matches were featured at the event. The main event was the annual 30-man Royal Rumble match which featured wrestlers from both brands. The primary match on the Raw brand was Triple H versus Scott Steiner for the World Heavyweight Championship. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was between Kurt Angle and Chris Benoit for the WWE Championship. The featured match on the undercard was a Royal Rumble qualification match between Brock Lesnar and The Big Show.
84677 SummerSlam (2002) was the fifteenth annual SummerSlam PPV. It was presented by Foot Locker and took place on August 25 2002 at the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale New York.  The main match on the SmackDown! brand was for the WWE Undisputed Championship between The Rock and Brock Lesnar. The main match on the Raw brand featured an Unsanctioned Street Fight between Shawn Michaels and Triple H. The main match from both brands was an interpromotional match for the WWE Intercontinental Championship between Rob Van Dam and Chris Benoit.The other matches on the undercard were The Undertaker versus Test and Kurt Angle versus Rey Mysterio.
84679 SummerSlam (2003) was a PPV presented by Stacker 2's YJ Stinger. It took place on August 24 2003 at the America West Arena in Phoenix Arizona. It was the 16th annual SummerSlam event and starred wrestlers from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The first main event was an Elimination Chamber match featuring wrestlers from the Raw brand.. World Heavyweight Champion Triple H defended his title against Chris Jericho Goldberg Kevin Nash Randy Orton and Shawn Michaels. The other main event featured SmackDown!'s WWE Champion Kurt Angle defending against challenger Brock Lesnar in a singles match. There was a No Holds Barred match between Kane and Rob Van Dam. and a Fatal Four Way for the US Champioship between Eddie Guerrero Chris Benoit Rhyno and Tajiri.
84680 Survivor Series (2002) was the sixteenth annual Survivor Series PPV. It took place on November 17 2002 from Madison Square Garden in New York New York and featured talent from both the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The main event was from the Raw brand the first ever Elimination Chamber match for the World Heavyweight Championship involving reigning champion Triple H Shawn Michaels Chris Jericho Booker T Rob Van Dam and Kane. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was Brock Lesnar versus The Big Show for the WWE Championship. The featured matches on the undercard were a Triple Threat Elimination match for the WWE Tag Team Championship involving Edge and Rey Mysterio Los Guerreros and Kurt Angle with Chris Benoit.
84681 Survivor Series (2003) was the 17th annual Survivor Series PPV and was presented by Microsoft's Xbox. It took place on November 16 2003 at the American Airlines Center in Dallas Texas and featured talent from both Raw and SmackDown! The main match on the Raw brand was for the World Heavyweight Championship between Goldberg and Triple H. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was a Buried Alive match between The Undertaker and Vince McMahon. This would also be marked as The Undertaker's last appearance portraying Big Evil/The American Badass as he would return four months later at WrestleMania XX in his Deadman persona. The predominant match on the Raw brand was a 5 on 5 Traditional Survivor Series match between Team Bischoff (Chris Jericho Christian Randy Orton Scott Steiner and Mark Henry) and Team Austin (Shawn Michaels Rob Van Dam Booker T Bubba Ray Dudley and D-Von Dudley). The main match on the card featured an Ambulance match between Kane and Shane McMahon.
84827 The Life of Reilly is a 2006 American film adaptation of actor Charles Nelson Reilly's one-man play Save It For the Stage: The Life of Reilly. Written by Reilly and Paul Linke and directed by Frank L. Anderson and Barry Poltermann the film is an edited version of Reilly's much longer stage show filmed live before audiences at the El Portal Theater in North Hollywood California in October 2004. The final film is compiled from Reilly's final two performances interspersed with clips images and music.
84917 THE CITY DARK is a feature documentary about the loss of night. After moving to NYC from rural Maine filmmaker Ian Cheney asks a simple question - do we need the stars? - taking him from Brooklyn to Mauna Kea Paris and beyond. Exploring the threat of killer asteroids in Hawaii tracking hatching turtles along the Florida coast and rescuing injured birds on Chicago streets Cheney unravels the myriad implications of a globe glittering with lights - including increased breast cancer rates from exposure to light at night and a generation of kids without a glimpse of the universe above. Featuring stunning astrophotography and a cast of eclectic scientists THE CITY DARK is the definitive story of light pollution and the disappearing stars. Written by Wicked Delicate Films
85212 The acclaimed BBC4 Britannia series moves into the world of British reggae. Showing how it came from Jamaica in the 1960s to influence over the next 20 years both British music and society the programme includes major artists and performances from that era including Big Youth Max Romeo Linton Kwesi Johnson Jerry Dammers and the Specials the Police UB40 Dennis Bovell lovers rock performers Carroll Thompson and Janet Kay bands like Aswad and Steel Pulse and reggae admirers such as Boy George and Paul Weller.  The programme celebrates the impact of reggae the changes it brought about and its lasting musical legacy.
"85309 The worlds of glitz glam and pop-rock fused immortally on Goodbye Yellow Brick Road born of the formidable partnership of Elton John and Bernie Taupin. This 1973 double album may well have been the peak of their collaboration. Ranging from perennial favorites like ""Candle in the Wind"" ""Benny and the Jets"" and the title track to more ambitious compositions like ""Funeral for a Friend (Love Lies Bleeding)"" and everything in between Goodbye is unmatched in its depth and scope. This entry in the Classic Albums series of DVDs documents the often tumultuous writing and recording sessions for that masterpiece through vintage clips of the musicians in the studio and new interviews with Elton Bernie producer Gus Dudgeon and the band members. We may never know how the John-Taupin team achieved their magic but this release offers a both a peek at the process and a few reasons why the album endures today."
85425 Royal Rumble (2004) was the seventeenth annual Royal Rumble PPV. It was presented by Sony's PlayStation 2 took place on January 25 2004 at the Wachovia Center in Philadelphia Pennsylvania and featured talent from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  Beginning with this Royal Rumble the winner could challenge at WrestleMania his choice of either the WWE Championship or the World Heavyweight Championship.  The main event was the annual 30-man Royal Rumble match which featured wrestlers from both brands. The primary match on the Raw brand was a Last Man Standing match between Triple H and Shawn Michaels for the World Heavyweight Championship. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was Brock Lesnar versus Hardcore Holly for the WWE Championship. The featured match on the undercard was a Tables match for the World Tag Team Championship between Evolution (Ric Flair and Batista) and the Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von).
"85426 SummerSlam (2004) was the seventeenth annual SummerSlam PPV. It was presented by Stacker 2's YJ Stinger and took place on August 15 2004 at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto Ontario and featured talent from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The main match on the Raw brand was Chris Benoit versus Randy Orton for the World Heavyweight Championship. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield (JBL) versus The Undertaker for the WWE Championship. The featured matches on the undercard included Kurt Angle versus Eddie Guerrero and Triple H versus Eugene."
"85427 Survivor Series (2004) was the eighteenth annual Survivor Series PPV. It was presented by Microsoft's Xbox and took place on November 14 2004 at the Gund Arena in Cleveland Ohio and starred talent from both the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The main match on the Raw brand was a 4 on 4 Survivor Series match a type of elimination match between Team Orton (Randy Orton Chris Benoit Chris Jericho and Maven) and Team Triple H (Triple H Edge Batista and Snitsky). The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield (JBL) versus Booker T for the WWE Championship. The primary match was a 4 on 4 Survivor Series elimination match between Team Guerrero (Eddie Guerrero The Big Show Rob Van Dam and John Cena) and Team Angle (Kurt Angle Carlito Luther Reigns and Mark Jindrak)."
85431 In New York City Thom is broke and jobless illegally working as a taxi driver. Claire is a successful business-woman but personally she's in shambles - then comes the phone call that her estranged father is in the hospital. Not knowing what to do Claire hops in Thom's cab and orders him to just drive and so he does. They find themselves in Pennsylvania and Claire makes the rash decision to drive across the country to California. On the road there are many detours as the obstacles and secrets force them to learn about themselves and each other.
"85720 TUPAC: ASSASSINATION II - RECKONING details the motive for murder in a follow-up to the award winning and critically acclaimed predecessor ""Tupac: Assassination - Conspiracy or Revenge."" RECKONING takes you into an unprecedented level of access regarding the life and death of Tupac Shakur. An emotional look at the loss felt by those closest to Shakur the film also explores the true legacy of the hip-hop icon: his influence on the youth of today and the work that still continues. Filled with intimate observations humorous anecdotes and discussions only an artist as outspoken as Tupac could ever put forward Tupac's inner circle - family and business associates who have refused to be interviewed for any documentary until now - share information of certain theories and put to rest others regarding those responsible for Tupac's death."
85721 Burzynski the Movie is the story of a medical doctor and Ph.D biochemist named Dr. Stanislaw Burzynski who won the largest and possibly the most convoluted and intriguing legal battle against the Food &amp; Drug Administration in American history.  His victorious battles with the United States government were centered around Dr. Burzynski's gene-targeted cancer medicines he discovered in the 1970's called Antineoplastons which have currently completed Phase II FDA-supervised clinical trials in 2009 and could begin the final phase of FDA testing in 2011–barring the ability to raise the required $300 million to fund the final phase of FDA clinical trials.
85816 The fourth edition of Rock in Rio back to its origins was held on September 23 24 25 29 and 30 and October 1 and 2 2011 at an area to be built next to the old City of Rock. Metallica played on September 25th. Setlist: Creeping Death / For Whom the Bell Tolls / Fuel / Ride the Lightning (Followed by guitar solo (Kirk).) / Fade to Black / Cyanide / All Nightmare Long / Sad but True (Followed by bass solo.) / Welcome Home (Sanitarium) / Orion (Preceded by band presentation.) / One / Master of Puppets / Blackened (With final jam.) / Nothing Else Matters / Enter Sandman / Am I Evil? (Diamond Head cover) (Half) / Whiplash / Seek & Destroy
"85831 Royal Rumble (2005) was the eighteenth annual Royal Rumble PPV. It was presented by PlayStation and took place on January 30 2005 at the Save Mart Center in Fresno California and featured talent from both the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The main event was the annual 30-man Royal Rumble match which featured wrestlers from both brands. The primary match on the Raw brand was Triple H versus Randy Orton for the World Heavyweight Championship. The primary match on the SmackDown! brand was a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship between reigning champion John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield Kurt Angle and The Big Show."
85887 Uptight French chef Sara Westbrook gets fired up when her upscale café Chez Varenne is suddenly overshadowed by a new restaurant moving in next door run by a group of rowdy firemen. Led by handsome former fire fighter Gill Callahan and his friend Danny The Five Alarm Grill is soon a big success while Sara and Patsy her pastry chef struggle to bring in customers.  Sara suddenly softens when she meets Gill's ten-year-old daughter Hannah. Ignoring the obvious tension between her dad and Sara Hannah is soon playing matchmaker. Can Gill and Sara's burgeoning romance survive the temptation to compete with each other or will the heat of competition drive them apart?
85950 From myth to legend Rowland Howard appeared on the early Melbourne punk scene like a phantom out of Kafkaesque Prague or Bram Stoker’s Dracula. A beautifully gaunt and gothic aristocrat the unique distinctive fury of his guitar style shot him directly into the imagination of a generation. He was impeccable the austerity of his artistry embodied in his finely wrought form his obscure tastes and his intelligently wry wit. He radiated a searing personal integrity that never seemed to tarnish. Despite the trials and tribulations of his career in an age of makeover and reinvention Rowland Howard never ‘sold out’. With recent and moving interviews archival interviews and other fascinating and original footage AUTOLUMINESCENT traces the life of Rowland S Howard. Capturing moments with the man himself and intimate missives from those who knew him behind closed doors; words and images etch light into what has always been the mysterious dark.
85989 Clark has planned the perfect prom for his girlfriend Sharon. His plans are hijacked when Sharon invites her two best girlfriends Neve and Heather and their dates along on the perfect evening but things only get worse. When all three are deserted by their dates at the beginning of prom the trio go back out to their limo where the driver has cleaned out the mini bar and takes them on a wild ride that lands them in a holding cell and ends with them crashing another school's prom.
86009 Arturo Gatti vs Micky Ward 1 has been the Ring Magazine fight of the year of 2002 a real boxing war between two very different fighters. Gatti that was younger than 7 years was one of the most beautiful boxers to see for his technique while Micky Ward was a boxer that wanted to use his physical strength and a jaw of iron. Someone has labeled Micky Ward vs Arturo Gatti 1 as “The Fight of the Century” and therefore we understand why after this fight they will met in two other fighting
86253 The Road to WrestleMania begins at the 25th Anniversary of the Royal Rumble and 30 men look to realize a dream by winning the Royal Rumble match and headline WrestleMania. WWE Champion CM Punk faces long odds against retaining his championship when he deals with both #1 contender Dolph Ziggler and a special guest referee with a particular axe to grind Interim Raw General Manager John Laurinaitis.  Daniel Bryan looks to retain the World Heavyweight Championship but he must overcome two colossal competitors Mark Henry and Big Show in a steel cage. Plus John Cena and Kane square off in a bitter personal bout. The Scottrade Center in St. Louis Missouri is this year's host for WWE Royal Rumble!
"86290 Mike Kersjes is a special-education teacher and football coach in Michigan. Mike doesn’t talk down to his ""special"" students. He respects them and he believes they’re capable of achieving great things. When Mike hears about Space Camp a competitive education program at the U.S. Space and Rocket Center he gets an idea. Even though the program is designed for gifted science students Mike decides participating in the summer program would do wonders for the self-esteem of his young students one in particular who wants to be an astronaut."
86694 This documentary explores the highly controversial subject of the design of America's capital. Was the city built to reflect the majesty of America's newfound freedom? Or the hidden agenda of secret societies? With every major cornerstone laid by Freemasons was the city built in a Masonic pattern? Embark upon this incredible journey as Riddles in Stone interviews experts on both sides of the heated debate. Watch as Freemason apologists defend some of the most direct and hard-hitting questions concerning the influence of Masonry in America and its symbolism in Washington D.C. Alongside them are leading researchers who maintain that occult architecture permeates the city and conceals a secret agenda. Was D.C. laid out according to the pattern of the stars? Does a Masonic square and compass extend from the Capitol building to the Washington monument? And why is the city filled with zodiac symbols mysterious faces and various god and goddess images?
86752 At Baycrest an old-age home in Toronto we follow a social worker as she talks to residents particularly Max Claire Ida and Rachel. The film opens on Claire's birthday she's 89; Max a tiny cheerful man is her close friend. Rachel is lonesome missing her son complaining he rarely visits. Ida relies on memory for her solace. Helen has no memory and doesn't recognize her daughter; her moods swing. Murray keeps his cap on and likes women. Staff members bring medication provide care and offer small talk. Memory is fleeting: Claire re-experiences the death of a close companion several times each time without remembering her previous grieving. Lives are circumscribed
86843 At 89 years old Stan Lee's name appears on more than one BILLION comics in 75 countries in 25 languages. Arguably the most recognized name in comics Stan Lee has co-created over 500 legendary pop culture characters including Spider-Man Fantastic Four X-Men Iron Man Thor and The Hulk. Stan continues to create new material and entertain fans of all ages with fantastic stories and characters in all areas of entertainment.  With Great Power: the Stan Lee Story explores the vivid life and imagination of Stan Lee from the early days of his Depression-era upbringing through the Marvel Age of Comics and beyond! The film uncovers original transcripts illustrations photographs and stories of Lee's fascinating journey from his early years at Timely Comics and World War Two the comic book industry's censorship battle of the 1950's led by Dr. Fredric Wertham the dawn of Marvel Comics and the legendary characters Stan co-created to his current company POW! Entertainment.
86935 A pimp is only married to one thing in his life and that's the game! Nothing and no one can come between him and his money. Mack's life was a little different he was rare and real as the game itself. Being the son of a pimp and having a prostitute as a mother his ability to walk a thin line of love and hate between drugs and pimps and life and death made him fearless and very dangerous. The streets were hot this summer and payback was the only peace of mind Mack was looking for. He had only one person to see no matter what Memphis Slimm.
86992 Face to Face is adapted from David Williamson's play of the same name which is in turn based on the transcripts from real conflict resolution sessions. The story is about a young scaffold construction worker who is charged with assaulting his boss. By the end of the film all our assumptions about guilt and blame are turned on their heads. As 10 people sit in a room discussing the turn of events that brought our protagonist to breaking point twists and surprises reveal that all is not quite as simple as it seems. Michael Rymer directs his screen adaptation of 'Face to Face' (written by Australian playwright David Williamson) as an ensemble piece about 10 very dissimilar Australians bound together by a complex pattern of relationships and shared histories. Hysterically funny and deeply moving each character's role in the drama peels back another layer as the story digs down to the roots of who these people really are.
87093 In the late 1950s and early '60s artist Walter Keane achieves unbelievable fame and success with portraits of saucer-eyed waifs. However no one realizes that his wife Margaret is the real painter behind the brush. Although Margaret is horrified to learn that Walter is passing off her work as his own she is too meek to protest too loudly. It isn't until the Keanes' marriage comes to an end and a lawsuit follows that the truth finally comes to light.
87309 Joanna is a woman secure in the knowledge of who she is: a perfect wife a successful magazine journalist and a woman who's just celebrated her 10th wedding anniversary with her husband Dale. But when Dale suddenly leaves her for another woman Joanna's world collapses. Her self-esteem shattered Joanna questions her attractiveness as a woman and her value as a human being. How did this happen to her? Follow Joanna as she escapes to Paris and learns the many secrets of seduction under the tutelage of Madame Simone. Slowly empowered by her newfound knowledge and self-confidence Joanna comes to understand her true self-worth.
87311 Clark Davis struggles to maintain his land and support his family during a long drought. With a bank loan to repay his wife Ellen takes a job in town as a seamstress but soon becomes ill with scarlet fever. Devastated to lose his beloved wife Clark and his young daughter Missie turn to his parents Irene and Lloyd for support. Clark must find a way to save his farm and survive Ellen's death without losing the person he loves most: his daughter.
87313 While still mourning the loss of her husband and daughter recently widowed Ellie King visits her brother Aaron Davis and his children for Christmas. Ellie does her best to enjoy the holidays even making new friends with Mrs. Thompson a local shop keeper and handsome admirer Deputy Strode. Settling in nicely with her brother's family Ellie also meets Erik a young man abandoned by his outlaw father whom Aaron has taken in as one of his own. When Aaron travels out of town to purchase adjacent land for farming Ellie agrees to watch his children but the season’s festivities are threatened when Aaron goes missing.
88508 At age 82 Mitch Albom's former rabbi Albert Lewis wants the famous Detroit sportswriter to give his eulogy when the time comes. Albom makes a visit to his former home town in New Jersey where Rabbi Lewis has served a congregation for about 50 years. Albom doesn't feel worthy especially since he is no longer a practicing Jew and in fact he has married a Christian (who apparently isn't active either). Nevertheless Rabbi Lewis says he is the one to do the job and over the next eight years Albom makes several visits back home and even attends some Sabbath services where the good rabbi is determined to continue working and inspiring his flock even as his health declines.
88745 The causes underlying the collapse of civilizations are usually traced to overuse of resources. As we write this the world is reeling from economic chaos peak oil climate change environmental degradation and political turmoil. Every day the headlines re-hash stories of scandal and betrayal of the public trust. We don't have to make outraged demands for the end of the current global system - it seems to be coming apart already. But acts of courage compassion and altruism abound even in the most damaged places. By documenting the resilience of the people hit hardest by war and repression and the heroism of those coming forward to confront the crisis head-on END:CIV illuminates a way out of this all-consuming madness and into a saner future. Backed by Jensen's narrative the film calls on us to act as if we truly love this land. The film trips along at a brisk pace using music... Written by Franklin Lopez
"88865 In 1923 Rudolf Steiner an Austrian scientist philosopher &amp; social innovator predicted that in 80 to 100 years honeybees would collapse. Now beekeepers around the United States and around the world are reporting an incredible loss of honeybees a phenomenon deemed ""Colony Collapse Disorder."" This ""pandemic"" is indicated by bees disappearing in mass numbers from their hives with no clear single explanation. The queen is there honey is there but the bees are gone. For the first time in an alarming inquiry into the insights behind Steiner's prediction QUEEN OF THE SUN: What Are the Bees Telling Us? investigates the long-term causes behind the dire global bee crisis through the eyes of biodynamic beekeepers commercial beekeepers scientists and philosophers."
88920 Set 10 years later the Phantom has escaped from Paris to New York where he lives amongst the joyrides and freak shows of Coney Island. He has finally found a place for his music to soar all that is missing is his love Christine Daaé.  In a bid to win back her love the Phantom lures Christine her husband Raoul and their young son Gustave from Manhattan to the glittering and glorious world of Coney Island... they have no idea what lies in store for them...  You truly haven’t experienced Andrew Lloyd Webber’s Love Never Dies until you see this spectacular new Australian production filmed at Melbourne’s iconic Regent Theatre.
89153 Neverlution debuted at the Montreal Comedy festival in 2010 to standing ovations. In it Titus talks about bringing the country back to its former glory the new generation and politics. Comedy Central Records released a double CD of Neverlution on June 28 2011.The 105 minute Neverlution DVD was available for pre order on August 3 2011 and shipped on August 15 2011. In a change from his earlier deals with distribution companies Titus got the rights to his special and will only distribute it through his website christophertitus.com. Titus believes that the web will make it so that artists can make the most with their art and support their fans better and the special aired on Comedy Central on July 3 2011
"89185 High school senior Tara is so painfully shy that she dreads speaking to anyone in the hallways or getting called on in class. But in the privacy of her bedroom with her iPod in hand she rocks out -- doing mock broadcasts for Miami's hottest FM radio station which happens to be owned by her stepfather. When a slot opens up at The SLAM Tara surprises herself by blossoming behind the mike into confident ""Radio Rebel"" -- and to everyone's shock she's a hit!"
89237 Rachel is a rambunctious girl from a polygamist colony in southern Utah. On Rachel’s 15th birthday she finds a forbidden cassette tape. Having never seen anything like it before Rachel plays the cassette tape and finds glorious rock & roll thereupon. Weeks later Rachel realizes a miracle has occurred - and the cassette tape must have something to do with it. She leaves her family and runs away to the closest city: Las Vegas. There she searches for the singer of the band on the cassette tape.
89284 Documentary about British artist Andrew Logan as he attempts to put on the 2009 edition of his Alternative Miss World.  The film also presents a history of the contest (which has run eccentrically since 1972) which was set up firstly as an excuse to have a good party but has grown into a celebration of alternative lifestyles and sexualities.  The documentary mixes archive footage animated inserts with talking head interviews and a fly-on-the-wall look at the organisation of the 2009 event
89608 Sweet chubby theatrical Billy was never cut out to be a farmer or a rugby player but as the only son of a ‘good kiwi bloke’ he’s obliged to try.  The cows are stubborn and the chores gruelling but Billy finds escape in a fantasy world playing Lana heroine of his favourite TV show Adventures in Space.  Not everyone approves of Billy's transformation.  On the brink of adolescene he discovers growing up is more complicated than he could ever have imagined.
89624 This is the 40th anniversary special edition of the ultimate critical guide to the work of Pink Floyd in concert on record and on film. Using the actual words of the band and critics WELCOME TO THE MACHINE is the definitive review of the music of Pink Floyd from the Syd Barrett era to Pulse. This superb critical guide uses films and recordings of Pink Floyd performances from sound television and radio archives around the world to create an in-depth review of the work of this legendary band.  The world of psychedelic rockers Pink Floyd opens up on this comprehensive retrospective of the band's entire career. Among the highlights on WELCOME TO THE MACHINE are archive interviews with the group members rare live recordings and an in-depth analysis of their career arc.
"89750 Breast cancer has become the poster child of corporate cause-related marketing campaigns. Countless women and men walk bike climb and shop for the cure. Each year millions of dollars are raised in the name of breast cancer but where does this money go and what does it actually achieve? Pink Ribbons Inc. is a feature documentary that shows how the devastating reality of breast cancer which marketing experts have labeled a ""dream cause"" becomes obfuscated by a shiny pink story of success."
89847 Two briefcases with mysterious contents are stolen from top Presidential candidate Squire Parks setting off a deadly series of double-crosses and betrayals. Desperate warring factions of subterranean organizations will stop at nothing to gain possession of the sensitive material. A covert branch of the CIA calls on notorious Black Ops agent Stanley Cashay who has been barely existing in a semi-comatose twilight since the murder of his wife. Cashay is offered the identity of his wife’s killer in exchange for locating and returning the cases.
89883 A decade after they graduated from high school and went their separate ways Casper a soldier haunted by the horrors of war and Rebecca a whip-smart graduate student with a shaky future reunite by chance and get to know each other over the course of an accidental tour of the little-known underbelly of Minneapolis. The evening's odyssey includes a bar fight a house party a punk-rock circus a spontaneous burglary a home Casper did not know he had and a cast of strange characters unexpected allies and disappointing friends.
90037 This episode focuses on Zappa's early 70s albums Overnight Sensation (1973) and Apostrophy (') (1974). Together they encapsulate Zappa's extraordinary musical diversity and were also the 2 most commercially successful albums that he released in his prolific career. Included are interviews musical demonstrations rare archive & home movie footage plus live performances to tell the story behind the conception and recording of these groundbreaking albums. Extras include additional interviews and demonstrations not included in the broadcast version 2 full performances from the Roxy in 1973 and Saturday Night Live in 1976 and new full live performance done specially for these Classic Albums.
90125 Bob Marley's universal appeal impact on music history and role as a social and political prophet is both unique and unparalleled. Directed by Academy Award-winning director Kevin Macdonald (The Last King of Scotland) MARLEY is the definitive life story of the musician revolutionary and legend from his early days to his rise to international superstardom. Made with the support of the Marley family the film features rare footage incredible performances and revelatory interviews with the people that knew him best.
90756 Neglected by her workaholic husband a young wife Maren Abbott meets a man through Wandering Eye - a networking website designed to facilitate extramarital liaisons. Charming as he is she realizes she can't go through with the affair. When he is found brutally murdered in their hotel room infidelity is the least of Maren's worries as she finds herself in the cross-hairs of a serial killer who uses the website to trawl for his next victims. Written by Incendo Media
90929 In 1954 after two years in a home for boys Snit Mandolin 15 returns home to his seemingly unhinged and reclusive aunt Matilda. Defeated by a community that still shuns him confronted by the impossibility of surviving on his aunt's farm Snit falls in with Johnny Swift 16 another outcast.  Johnny makes moonshine and sells it through a local bootlegger. The boys work together and become fast friends. And Snit finds first love with a free-spirited local girl Robin 16.  Their adventure is interrupted by the enigmatic and unpredictable Roy Kane the district's private cop who took Snit away two years ago and will now use the boys to get to the bootlegger.  Dogged by Kane betrayed by a bootlegger and plagued by the ghosts of the past the boys' partnership ends - their friendship broken.  Alone once more in the community that rejected him Snit comes to a violent crossroads.
91234 The Road to WrestleMania goes through one callous coliseum the Elimination Chamber. Over the last decade championships careers &amp; legacies have been at stake in the unpredictable environment and this year will be no exception as CM Punk and Daniel Bryan will try to survive the sadistic structure with their respective titles in tact.  Elimination Chamber (2012) was a PPV that took place on February 19 2012 at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee Wisconsin. The pay-per-view was the third annual Elimination Chamber event.  Apart from the two Elimination Chamber matches John Cena fought Kane in an Ambulance match Beth Phoenix defended the Divas Championship against Tamina and Jack Swagger defended the US Championship against Justin Gabriel.
"91584 Twice-orphaned Jace a seven-year-old Albanian of Greek origin witnesses a massacre that wipes out his entire foster family in Argyrokastron and then falls in the hands of a bunch of ruthless gangsters who ""export"" children abroad for various profitable reasons (ranging from beggary to organ trade). Jace ends up in Athens Greece begging at street corners exploring the secret horrors of brutal institutions for young offenders or much later serving obscure patrons in an underworld where violent loss seems to be his only destiny. The movie follows Jace's inverted Odyssey in a dark universe of abuse murder and fear as he desperately (and silently) seeks for a ""family"" of his own or at least for a sense of belonging"
91806 Recent study shows that the chance of surviving the invasion beaches was 25%. Then how is it possible 50% of the men survived? This documentary which has been recognized as the best D-Day documentary ever tells a different story.  A beautifully made detailed reconstruction shows what happened on that day on the beaches. In the first hour of the attack one third of the American soldiers dies. This battle will be decisive in the further course of the war.  Survivors tell about the factors that made it so hard to conquer the coastlines. The animated images show it all.
92501 This film covers the early history of post World War II educational films especially those involving traffic safety by the Highway Safety Foundation under direction of Richard Wayman. In the name of promoting safe driving in teenagers these films became notorious for their gory depiction of accidents to shock their audiences to make their point. The film also covers the role of safety films of this era their effect on North American teenage culture the struggle between idealism and lurid exploitation and how they reflected the larger society concerns of the time that adults projected onto their youth.
"92584 Timeless: Live in Concert recorded at her Las Vegas show on New Year's Eve 1999 takes as its subject the star herself. It opens with a dramatization of her first amateur recording session with young Lauren Frost playing a part described in the credits as ""Young Girl"" though Streisand later refers to her as ""mini-me."" Frost doesn't get too far before being joined by Streisand herself on a stirring version of ""Something's Coming"" from West Side Story. The rest of ""Act One"" traces Streisand's career from her club days to her movie performances. ""Act Two"" has less of a narrative structure though it is equally autobiographical with Streisand displaying and commenting on videos of herself performing with other stars and building up to the stroke of midnight with a combination of old recent and new specially written songs. At 57 that night Streisand remains in good voice."
92620 Mahree Bok lives on a farm in South Africa. Her father is a policeman who cannot hide his joy when activist Steve Biko is caught by the South African authorities. Piper Dellums is the daughter of a US congressman from California and who lives in a nice home in Washington DC. When Mahree is chosen to spend a semester at the Dellums' house she doesn't expect that her host family would be black. Nor do her hosts suspect that she is not a black South African.
92850 The story of how one Pittsburgh boy’s fascination with monsters drove him to the very top of the Hollywood food chain. In 1989 Greg Nicotero much to his parents’ chagrin quit medical school and headed for Hollywood to pursue a dream of making monsters. Together with gore masters Howard Berger and Robert Kurtzman Nicotero went on to create KNB EFX Group one of the most prolific makeup effects studios in the world. After twenty years as the “go to guy” for the world’s most successful horror/sci-fi films Greg Nicotero is the first one directors like Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez call.
93184 In this purely fictional story Paul McCartney drops by The Dakota to visit John Lennon in 1976. Paul is still on top of the music world reaching #1 with his new band Wings. John however has retired from public life choosing to raise his son Sean. Rumors are rampant that The Beatles are going to reunite to play a concert. Paul the consummate entertainer is intrigued by the possibilities. But John still fighting his inner demons is content keeping Beatlemania a thing of the past. But even though the two men are still at odds over the band they rediscover that they still have bonds from the past that will never go away.
93449 Meghan Doherty is a young talented executive who neglects her mother and close friends to focus on one goal MAKING MONEY. After closing a multi-million dollar deal Meghan is asked by Mr. Randolph Whitaker (her boss/CEO) to close a deal of a lifetime. She's taking her talent to the Mojave Desert in hopes of getting a Christian land owner to turn over his land before auction. With a $100 million dollar potential deal looming there is nothing that will stand in the way of her getting what she needs to further her career. Not even GOD? The foreclosed land in question called God's Country is owned by Eden Graham a minister who runs a youth camp there along with his wife and son Jake. Upon arrival at the camp in her Ferrari and designer clothes Meghan is clearly not a good fit but Eden persuades her to stay; he promises to sign over the property to her if during her weeklong sojourn there at the camp she is not convinced of the value of what they are doing.
"93498 CARD SUBJECT TO CHANGE: PRO WRESTLING'S UNDERGROUND takes you deep inside the underground world of professional wrestling. This compelling film follows several wrestlers as they make their way through the local VFW halls high school gyms and Elks' lodges grinding it out on the independent circuit where the payouts can range from $5 - $20 per match. Some do it for the love of the sport others desperate to make it big; it is both heart-pounding and heart-wrenching. Tim Disbrow makes his directorial debut as he documents the circuit's legends including: Kevin Sullivan Michael ""Trent Acid"" Verdi Rhett Titus Sabu Kamala and Necro Butcher who also made an appearance in the critically-acclaimed film The Wrestler."
94840 Aaron Young is a good man. But even good men can be put to the test. Just when it seems his life can’t get more complicated it does. Pressures with his job are reaching the breaking point one daughter is struggling to find herself and another has found a fiancé — complete with future in-laws who are anything but supportive. To top it all off Aaron has been called to be the bishop of his ward. At this pivotal point in his life Aaron wonders if anything he does helps the people closest to him. A warm and deeply moving film about the choices and complications of everyday life One Good Man is the story of an unsung hero trying to do the right thing regardless of the consequences.
"95011 ""Laura Smiles"" is an alarmingly effective portrait of a woman's mental breakdown.  We are introduced to ""Laura"" at her happiest time in a warm loving relationship with her fiancé (a very appealing Kip Pardue) in the city literally the love of her life. In flashbacks we then see the sweet development of this relationship out of order as these moments become brightly lit and colored memories that desperately intrude on her later in life as she becomes consumed with guilt and remorse over his fate.  These feelings start to overwhelm her current life as a wife and mother. As something inconsequential in what she calls her ""suburban drudgery"" triggers the past -- in the supermarket cooking cleaning at a school play-- she acts out increasingly aberrantly to counteract the feelings they generate especially when she can no longer distinguish past from present from dreams recalling Blanche Du Bois."
95061 Royal Rumble (2000) was the thirteenth annual Royal Rumble PPV. It was presented by MCI's 1-800-COLLECT. It took place on January 23 2000 at Madison Square Garden in New York New York.  The main event was the Royal Rumble match which grants the winner a title shot at Wrestlemania. Featured matches on the undercard included a street fight match between Triple H and Cactus Jack for the WWF Championship a Triple Threat match for the WWF Intercontinental Championship and The New Age Outlaws versus The Acolytes for the WWF Tag Team Championship.  This Royal Rumble was the first WWF pay-per-view event to air on terrestrial television in the United Kingdom as Channel 4 had acquired the rights to broadcast World Wrestling Federation programming that year.
95610 After breaking up with Mark Darcy Bridget Jones's 'happily ever after' hasn't quite gone according to plan. Fortysomething and single again she decides to focus on her job as top news producer and surround herself with old friends and new. For once Bridget has everything completely under control. What could possibly go wrong? Then her love life takes a turn and Bridget meets a dashing American named Jack the suitor who is everything Mr. Darcy is not. In an unlikely twist she finds herself pregnant but with one hitch she can only be fifty percent sure of the identity of her baby's father.
95808 Brooklyn Castle is a documentary about I.S. 318 – an inner-city school where more than 65 percent of students are from homes with incomes below the federal poverty level – that also happens to have the best most winning junior high school chess team in the country. (If Albert Einstein who was rated 1800 were to join the team he’d only rank fifth best.) Chess has transformed the school from one cited in 2003 as a “school in need of improvement” to one of New York City’s best. But a series of recession-driven public school budget cuts now threaten to undermine those hard-won successes.
96535 A richly textured essay film on landscape art history life and loss Patience (After Sebald) offers a unique exploration of the work of internationally acclaimed writer W.G. Max Sebald (1944 - 2001) via a walk through East Anglia tracking his most influential book The Rings of Saturn. The much anticipated new feature by the Grierson Award-winning director of Joy Division Patience is the first film about Sebald internationally marking ten years since the writer's untimely death and with contributions from major writers artists and film-makers.
96844 Filmed at Hammersmith ApolloNew Blood Live In London captures Peter Gabriel performing live with the 46 piece New Blood Orchestra. The repertoire mixes cover versions from his Scratch My Back album with classic tracks from across his solo career in brand new orchestral arrangements. Gabriel is a renowned live performer and his onstage charisma and instantly recognizable voice combine brilliantly with the orchestral sound palette to breathe a new sense of wonder into familiar songs. As you would expect the concert is also a visual feast with graphics animation and imagery blending to enhance and illustrate the music. This is truly a live experience not to be missed.
96917 After Brad and Meg move to a detached house in need of major repairs after a fire and decades of neglect they're happy that cheerful teenage son Tyler behaves normally for puberty. Young daughter Gina's stories about sometimes evil 'fairies' are equally dismissed but get worse. Self-appointed handyman warns Iver Hagen them for 'things worse than ghosts' and ever scarier things happen. Ma irrationally believes the house bad yet refuses long to have Gina examined by Dr. Werner who has a patient Olive obsessed by similar trolls. By the time the pieces are fitted it may be too late.
"97180 He electrified a generation of sports entertainment fans with his brash style superb athleticism and uproarious interviews. He held the WWE Championship a record seven times and was known for legendary battles with ""Stone Cold"" Steve Austin Triple H Mick Foley Undertaker and more. And at the peak of his popularity he made a move to conquer a new industry becoming an enormous movie star. Now he s back in WWE ready to main event the biggest WrestleMania in history ""The People's WrestleMania."" In the exciting buildup to WrestleMania XVIII fans can for the first time ever on DVD relive the exciting life and times of the Rock. Packed with brand new interviews as well as a selection of the Rock's biggest career-spanning bouts moments and promos this DVD/Blu-Ray set will electrify every member of Team Bring It!"
97276 When Hannah Pinkham's fiancé writes he's finally shipping home her mother makes a fairy tale wedding dress but while she's fitting it the knock on the door is not him but the dreaded officer-messenger. Years later she sends it to her nephew photographer Travis Cleveland but his model-bride Cass only pretends to like it to get rid of his loyal assistant. After he walks off with it his car gets stolen with the dress in it... And it keeps passing on from person to person but will anybody actually get married in it or does it just keep bringing bad luck to couples?
97400 Trudie Styler a documentarian had been allowed to film the production of Kingdom of the Sun/The Emperor's New Groove as part of the deal that originally brought her husband Sting to the project. As a result Styler recorded on film much of the struggle controversy and troubles that went into making the picture (including the moment when producer Fullmer called Sting to inform the pop star that his songs were being deleted from the film). Styler's completed documentary The Sweatbox premiered at the Toronto Film Festival on September 13 2002. Disney owns the rights to the documentary and has not released it on home video or DVD.
97610 Ginger Baker is known for playing in Cream and Blind Faith but the world's greatest drummer didn’t hit his stride until 1972 when he arrived in Nigeria and discovered Fela Kuti's Afrobeat. After leaving Nigeria Ginger returned to his pattern of drug-induced self-destruction and countless groundbreaking musical works eventually settling in South Africa where the 73-year-old lives with his young bride and 39 polo ponies. This documentary includes interviews with Eric Clapton Steve Winwood Carlos Santana and more. Beware of Mr. Baker! With every smash of the drum is a man smashing his way through life.
"97690 Takes us inside the world of Anonymous the radical ""hacktivist"" collective that has redefined civil disobedience for the digital age. The film explores early hacktivist groups like Cult of the Dead Cow and Electronic Disturbance Theater then moves to Anonymous' raucous beginnings on the website 4chan.  Through interviews with current members people recently returned from prison or facing trial writers academics activists and major players in various ""raids"" the documentary traces Anonymous’ evolution from merry pranksters to a full-blown movement with a global reach the most transformative civil disobedience of our time."
"97748 Colt Cabana Sal Rinauro &amp; Bryan Danielson are ""independent"" professional wrestlers. Each week they travel the roads of not only America but the whole world.  In 2009 a camera followed them for 10 consecutive days. They don't fly first class. They don't stay in classy hotels and they aren't rich and/or famous.  What they do have is a passion for professional wrestling. The story is a positive depiction of a never ending journey of the wrestling road... and these are their video diaries."
97933 With Don't Think multi GRAMMY® Award-winning electronic music duo The Chemical Brothers bring their mind-bendingly psychedelic live show to the big screen for the first time and in grand style. A state of art spectacle shot at Japan's Fujirock Festival in front of 50000 ravenous fans Don't Think combines the Chemical Brothers famously ferocious modern electronic sounds and hardcore dance beats with eye-popping visuals. Directed by their longtime visual collaborator Adam Smith and shot on 20 cameras Don't Think is the first concert film to feature Dolby 7:1 surround sound  mixed for the screen by the band and includes 2 new Chemical Brothers tracks. Don't think let it flow surrender to the void.
97938 With her husband jailed for Wall Street-based fraud Faith has to leave behind her luxury life in New York to return home to North Carolina and the widower father and dutiful older sister she left behind.  Together they have to deal with the buried emotions of sudden death of Faith’s mother years ago and learn to be a family again.  Like the Prodigal story Heart of the Country is a tale of a father’s unconditional love.  He simply wants a relationship with his children and once that relationship is restored he begins to create healing for his broken daughter.  Her marriage has to be rebuilt her belief in herself and her peace with her mother’s death all come together through the quiet selfless guidance of her loving father.  The novel written by Rene Gutteridge from the original screenplay by filmmaker John Ward takes us from the glamour of Manhattan to the open beauty of the fields of rural Columbus County North Carolina as the timeless tale of the Prodigal Son is reborn!
97966 Why do drugs crime HIV poor education inferiority complexes low expectations poverty corruption poor health and underdevelopment plague people of African descent around the world? Why 500 years after the onset of Slavery and subsequent Colonialism do Africans still struggle for basic freedom? Filmed in more than twenty countries across five continents 500 YEARS LATER examines the atrocities that uprooted Africans from their cultures and homeland. Infused with the spirit and music of liberation it chronicles the struggle of a people who fight for the most essential human right: freedom.
98022 Teen friends Steve Carrie Cooper and Gameboy embark on a weekend camping trip lead by their church youth group leader Stuart (Sean Astin) and his wife Beth (Erin Bethea). Joining them is an outsider Ashley a self-involved rich kid whose attitude causes a major commotion within the group specifically between her and Carrie. Before it gets too out of hand though Stuart takes this opportunity to share with the kids the incredibly powerful biblical story of Hosea; a story of immovable faith impeccable commitment and impervious love.
98187 In 19th century Victorian England Mrs. Isabella Beeton produced what became an essential book for housewives of the day. She was married at a relatively young age to Sam Beeton a publisher of books and magazines on a variety of subjects. Not someone to sit at home in the traditional role of a housewife Mrs. Beeton started work in her husband's business initially as an editor correcting English but then writing some of the columns herself. It as at this point that she developed an idea for a cookbook and Mrs. Beeton's Book of Household Management was born. Her life was not an easy one however. The publishing business went bankrupt she lost two children at a young age and had several miscarriages. She died at the age of 28.
98547 Set in the rustic Midwestern town of One Fall the film tells the story of a man James (Marcus Dean Fuller) who miraculously survived a horrific fall from a spectacular 200 foot-high cliff and was never heard from again. However three years after vanishing James chooses to return to his hometown of One Fall -- but he returns a changed man. For an incomprehensible reason James has developed supernatural healing abilities since the fall. He must decide whether to use his abilities to help the ones he once turned his back on or to continue running from his mysterious past.
98627 Expectant parents become prime suspects in the disappearance of a pregnant woman who was last seen at their garage sale.  Model citizen David Rose runs a garden center and is a devoted house-father. Like his wife Ivy who suffered two stillbirths their new neighbor Melinda is near to giving birth. Just after David showed her around in the Rose home Melinda goes missing. Although no corpse is found just circumstantial evidence more likely to be planted then stupidly left behind police detective Blanchard treats David as his sole suspect soon arrested even after nosy neighbor Bindel is knocked down while David is in jail. School buddy Theo does his best to counsel the couple yet Ivy doubts her husband's innocence just because of indications he may have had an affair with Melinda since high-school and starts snooping with her best friend Jody. The worst crime is still being hatched.
"99022 In 1995 Stephen Fry was performing in Simon Gray's West End play ""Cell Mates."" After three days he walked out of the production. Sitting in a garage his hand on the car ignition he contemplated suicide for two hours before fleeing his home country for the European mainland. It wasn't until this frightening episode that Fry was diagnosed with manic depression or bipolar disorder a psychological condition that sees its sufferers oscillating dangerously between dizzying heights of mania and gutting troughs of prolonged depression. This 2 part documentary unfolds like a personal journey of self-discovery. Fry confronts his medical condition by consulting experts and others who have suffered the disorder (including Richard Dreyfuss and Carrie Fisher). This is a valuable documentary and having been acquainted only with Stephen Fry's bubbly TV persona a fascinatingly intimate character study."
99877 The Waiting Room is a character-driven documentary film that uses extraordinary access to go behind the doors of an American public hospital struggling to care for a community of largely uninsured patients. The film - using a blend of cinema verité and characters' voice over - offers a raw intimate and even uplifting look at how patients executive staff and caregivers each cope with disease bureaucracy and hard choices. It is a film about fighting for survival when the odds are stacked against you.
"100212 High School senior Luke Harris dreams of just one thing... pro surfing. But Luke's parents have other ideas: pick a college and grow up! When Luke learns that a spot is opening up on the local surf team he see's his big chance to prove to his parents that he can make it as a surfer and avoid being shipped off to school. When a devastating tragedy strikes Luke is forced to take a hard look at his life with the help of the beautiful ""church-girl"" Emily and his youth pastor."
100402 After the cataclysmic events in New York with The Avengers Steve Rogers aka Captain America is living quietly in Washington D.C. and trying to adjust to the modern world. But when a S.H.I.E.L.D. colleague comes under attack Steve becomes embroiled in a web of intrigue that threatens to put the world at risk. Joining forces with the Black Widow Captain America struggles to expose the ever-widening conspiracy while fighting off professional assassins sent to silence him at every turn. When the full scope of the villainous plot is revealed Captain America and the Black Widow enlist the help of a new ally the Falcon. However they soon find themselves up against an unexpected and formidable enemy—the Winter Soldier.
"100421 Alter Bridge Live At Wembley is a stunning show shot in HD and 3D on November 29 2011 at the historic Wembley Arena in London in front of a sold out crowd of over 10000 die-hard fans. The show is the most significant moment in the band's 8-year career as their goal from day one was to play Wembley. The band ripped through a 21 song set featuring songs from all 3 of their albums including the hits: ""Rise Today"" ""Watch Over You"" ""Blackbird"" ""Ghosts Of Days Gone By"" and ""Isolation"". The film was directed by Award-winning Director Daniel E Catullo III who also produced and directed the band's previous DVD ""Live From Amsterdam""."
100842 Broadway: The Golden Age is the most important ambitious and comprehensive film ever made about America's most celebrated indigenous art form.  Award-winning filmmaker Rick McKay filmed over 100 of the greatest stars ever to work on Broadway or in Hollywood.  He soon learned that great films can be restored fine literature can be kept in print - but historic Broadway performances of the past are the most endangered.  They leave only memories that while more vivid are more difficult to preserve.  In their own words — and not a moment too soon — Broadway: The Golden Age tells the stories of our theatrical legends how they came to New York and how they created this legendary century in American theatre.  This is the largest cast of legends ever in one film.
101136 In 1970 Joey and Pete left Nova Scotia to try life in the big city in the Canadian Classic Goin’ Down the Road.  Now some forty years later Joey has died and Pete must fulfill his last wish: to take his ashes back to Cape Breton Island as well as a few other tasks along the way. Armed with a series of letters and an envelope full of money Pete heads back home.  DOWN THE ROAD AGAIN is a touching comedic and romantic tale of second chances at life and love.
101267 Giving fans unprecedented access to the real life of the music sensation Katy Perry: Part of Me exposes the hard work dedication and phenomenal talent of a girl who remained true to herself and her vision in order to achieve her dreams. Featuring rare behind-the-scenes interviews personal moments between Katy and her friends and all-access footage of rehearsals choreography Katy’s signature style and more Katy Perry: Part of Me reveals the singer’s unwavering belief that if you can be yourself then you can be anything.
101270 The United States of America is the richest freest nation the world has ever seen. But nowadays all signs point to the reality of a sickness in the soul of our country and history tells us that we're headed for disaster if we don't change our course now.  Follow Kirk Cameron across Europe and the U.S. as he seeks to discover the people places and principles that made America the freest most prosperous and generous nation the world has ever known.
"101299 Katniss Everdeen has returned home safe after winning the 74th Annual Hunger Games along with fellow tribute Peeta Mellark. Winning means that they must turn around and leave their family and close friends embarking on a ""Victor's Tour"" of the districts. Along the way Katniss senses that a rebellion is simmering but the Capitol is still very much in control as President Snow prepares the 75th Annual Hunger Games (The Quarter Quell) - a competition that could change Panem forever."
101440 Based on a true story former parole officer Marilyn Gambrell and a colleague set up a pioneer trial-based program in one of America's toughest high schools to help the children of incarcerated parents regain control of their own lives and not expect the same thing to happen as it did to their parents. To the surprise of everyone the program works but the administration warns the duo that it will not last unless every senior student is able to pass his or her final exams and graduate with the class. As the end of the school year approaches Gertz faces a crisis to save everything she believes in or lose it all
101533 East is East writer Ayub Khan-Din returns with another funny tender-hearted portrait of family strife. Based on his popular play Rafta Rafta (itself inspired by Bill Naughtons 1960s classic All in Good Time) the film is set in Bolton where Atul and Vina are celebrating their marriage. However a honeymoon spent with his parents was not part of their plans. Thoughtless patriarch Eeshwar seems determined to emasculate and embarrass his son. As the weeks pass consummating their union becomes an impossibility that threatens the couples entire future. A breezy mixture of heartbreak and hilarity All in Good Time also offers peerless performances from original stage stars Harish Patel and Meera Syal.
"101612 Acorn Antiques: The Musical! is the all-singing all-dancing and fully overalled stage version of the beloved TV spoof.  The triumphant West End production brought together Julie Walters (Mrs Overall) Celia Imrie (Miss Babs) and Duncan Preston (Mr Clifford) - the original cast of the series.  It was directed by Sir Trevor Nunn (""Les Miserables"" ""Woman in White"" ""Starlight Express"") and written by Julie's understudy the award-winning Victoria Wood.  Filmed during the sell-out run at the beautiful Haymarket Theatre the musical features an all-star supporting cast of Josie Lawrence Neil Morrissey & Sally Ann Triplett."
"102046 Tom Berenger leads an outstanding cast in this bone-crunching dramatization of legendary college football coach Paul ""Bear"" Bryant's debut at Texas A&M in the summer of 1954. The often unnerving story finds Bryant ducking the school's good ol' boy network of rich influential alumni by spiriting his new team away to a makeshift training base in a tiny town called Junction. There Bryant runs the equivalent of a POW camp brutalizing an oversized underdeveloped bunch of rowdy young men and tormenting those who seek medical attention for cracked spines and deadly heat exhaustion. Berenger delivers a warts-and-all performance as the vulgar monstrous yet much-respected Bryant and the direction by seasoned television vet Mike Robe is brisk and almost explosively charged. Whatever one thinks of Bryant's punishing methods the film does not flinch from telling its powerful tale. --Tom Keogh"
102049 Warning: Baltimore is no longer safe.  Meet Leemoid Zagatile and Interbyce. They're the three aliens whose spaceship has crashed in a small town outside of Baltimore. Soon the town folk are turning up mutilated and dead - and even in polyester pants. Then a stranger arrives to save the day. But is he who he says he is? And what about all the polyester pants? See this film they way it was meant to be seen - on the big screen live with Cinematic Titanic.
"102053 You loved them on the Blue Collar Comedy Tour and now Bill Engvall Jeff Foxworthy and Larry The Cable Guy have reunited for an all-new comedy special. Filmed live in front of more than 11000 fans at the Consol Energy Center in Pittsburgh ""Them Idiots Whirled Tour"" features the signature humor of three of the most successful comedians in history. From jury duty to family weddings; colonoscopies to the McRib(TM) nothing is off limits in this all new stand-up special. It also includes a brand new encore with the three guys trying to make each other laugh as only they know how."
102331 Vasermil tells the story of three teenagers who live in the same tough neighborhood growing up in an unforgiving environment pinning their hopes on football as a way out. Shlomi lives with his widowed mother little sister and step-father and works as a pizza delivery boy. Adiel of Ethiopian descent has to look after his young brother and sick mother. Dima a new immigrant from Russia has a father who is unemployed and a mother who works as a cleaning lady. The three teens are recruited by the coach of the local football team. Learning to work together as a team is the key to success in the tournament and success in the tournament means getting noticed by the scouts of the local football empire. In order to win the tournament they will have to play as a team overcome their differences get over their sense of inferiority and prejudice.
102370 In the hours after the Titanic struck an iceberg 100 years ago a team of shipbuilders and engineers raced against time to save the stricken vessel.  Based on eye-witness accounts this film reveals what went on below decks in the hours before the Titanic sank telling the previously relatively unheralded stories of engineers who fought courageously to hold back the power of the sea and keep the power systems running even when they learned that all was lost.  Most of these men died but their actions bought enough time to save many lives.  This drama-documentary tells a poignant story of self-sacrifice by the Titanic's engineers stokers and firemen in the face of impending death.
102382 For Peter Parker life is busy. Between taking out the bad guys as Spider-Man and spending time with the person he loves Gwen Stacy high school graduation cannot come quickly enough. Peter has not forgotten about the promise he made to Gwen’s father to protect her by staying away but that is a promise he cannot keep. Things will change for Peter when a new villain Electro emerges an old friend Harry Osborn returns and Peter uncovers new clues about his past.
102622 1982 was a momentous year for Iron Maiden. Following the addition of brilliant new vocalist Bruce Dickinson their third album the number of the beast was released to universal acclaim from both critics and rock fans. The album topped the UK charts for 2 weeks launched them into the US top 40 for the first time and invaded the top 10 album charts worldwide achieving a plethora of gold and platinum awards. The number of the beast is regarded as one of the greatest and most influential heavy metal albums of all time including along with demonic title track such classic metal anthems as run to the hills hallowed be thy name the prisoner and children of the damned. This exclusive film tells the full and vibrant story behind the making of the album.
102651 A beautiful pure-hearted young woman Maleficent has an idyllic life growing up in a peaceable forest kingdom until one day when an invading army threatens the harmony of the land.  Maleficent rises to be the land's fiercest protector but she ultimately suffers a ruthless betrayal – an act that begins to turn her heart into stone. Bent on revenge Maleficent faces an epic battle with the invading King's successor and as a result places a curse upon his newborn infant Aurora. As the child grows Maleficent realizes that Aurora holds the key to peace in the kingdom – and to Maleficent's true happiness as well.
102752 On 11th January 2008 hired by the City of Cleveland lawyer Josh Cohen and his team filed a lawsuit against 21 banks which they held accountable for the wave of foreclosures that had left their city in ruins. Since then the bankers on Wall Street have been fighting by with all available means to avoid going to court. This film is the story of that trial. A film about a trial that may never be held but in which the facts the participants and their testimonies are all real: the judge lawyers witnesses even the members of the jury - asked to give their verdict - play their own roles. Step by step one witness after another the film takes apart from a plain human perspective the mechanisms of subprime mortgage loans a system that sent the world economy reeling. A trial for the sake of example a universal fable about capitalism
"103180 This megawatt show kicks off with a sizzling rendition of the National Anthem complete with flashy dance moves numerous set changes and music that will keep audiences both mesmerized and grooving. Usher performs songs from his multi-platinum CD 8701 in addition to a treasure trove of hits and fan favorites. Special features include a Discography biography photo gallery making of the production web links on tour film.  The Evolution 8701 tour was one hot ticket. This concert video captures Usher live on the tour with an electrifying performance in Orlando Florida. Performing hits like ""My Way"" ""U Remind Me"" ""You Make Me Wanna"" and many more Usher and a tight band deliver sex appeal pyrotechnics and some amazing choreography. The album ""8701"" was a multi-platinum smash and this is the perfect companion to it."
"103181 Join us for a rousing celebration of the life and works of one of Broadway's greatest legends — the one and only Stephen Sondheim.  For the master composer and lyricist's 80th birthday many of musical theater's brightest stars gathered in March of 2010 to perform more than two dozen sensational numbers from Sondheim's illustrious career and several of these enduring songs are performed by the original Broadway cast members.  David Hyde Pierce hosts this magical event with Stephen Sondheim's longtime collaborator Paul Gemignani conducting the New York Philharmonic. Originally broadcast as an episode of the PBS series ""Great Performances"" (season 38 episode 2)."
"103297 A Concert: Behind the Prison Walls features Cash performing for inmates inside the Tennessee State Penitentiary in Nashville. Shot in 1976 this is only one of two prison concerts Cash ever shot for broadcast and features legendary performers Johnny Cash Linda Rondstadt and Roy Clark performing their greatest hits. The concert aired on national television and this Collector's edition video features rare live performances of mega hits Folsom Prison Blues Sunday Morning Coming Down Hey Porter Boy Names Sue Love Has No Pride and more.  Performing for the prisoners of Tennessee State Penitentiary Johnny Cash takes to the stage to deliver an incendiary set circa 1976. An array of special guests join the Man in Black onstage including Linda Rondstadt and Roy Clark. Tracks include ""Folsom Prison Blues"" ""Boy Named Sue"" ""Half as Much"" and many more!"
"103475 In ""The Soul of A Man"" director Wim Wenders looks at the dramatic tension in the blues between the sacred and the profane by exploring the music and lives of three of his favorite blues artists: Skip James Blind Willie Johnson and J. B. Lenoir. Part history part personal pilgrimage the film tells the story of these lives in music through an extended fictional film sequence (recreations of '20s and '30s events - shot in silent-film hand-crank style) rare archival footage present-day documentary scenes and covers of their songs by contemporary musicians such as Shemekia Copeland Alvin Youngblood Hart Garland Jeffreys Chris Thomas King Cassandra Wilson Nick Cave Los Lobos Eagle Eye Cherry Vernon Reid James ""Blood"" Ulmer Lou Reed Bonnie Raitt Marc Ribot The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion Lucinda Williams and T-Bone Burnett."
103883 On Anzac Day 2006 the Beaconsfield mine collapsed trapping Russell Webb and fellow miner Larry Knight one kilometre underground. When it was revealed that two of the men were alive Australia prayed and the world waited in hope that the miners would make it out alive. But the rescue was far more complex than anyone ever imagined.  Beaconsfield recounts this riveting story of mental and physical fortitude and two very different men who were trapped together for 14 days under rubble in a cramped pitch-black metal basket no bigger than a dog kennel.
103964 Musicology Live 2004ever was a 2004 tour by Prince in North America to promote his Musicology album. The tour lasted from 27 March – 9 September 2004 and covered 96 dates throughout the United States and Canada fetching a significant profit for Prince. It was attended by 1.47 million people in 2004 and was the top grossing tour of 2004 taking in $87.4 million Also it involves Prince schooling people to back in the day music.This tour is also family-friendly along with the One Nite Alone...Tour. There are clean lyrics and no explicit ones.The tour is R&amp;B themed along with soul rock funk and pop. Rose Ann Dimalanta is also another touring keyboardist and vocalist for this tour. Candy Dulfer is also the comic foil for this tour though she plays saxophone and lends her vocal talents.
"104542 From birth Todd Marinovich was raised with a defined purpose of creating the perfect athlete. Trained by his father Marv a former pro football player and a strength and conditioning guru the young Marinovich was meticulously engineered and nurtured into a star quarterback. When it came to performance Marv expected perfection and Todd delivered. He was dubbed ""Robo QB"" and his performance initially lived up to the name as he set passing records in high school vied for the Heisman while at USC and ultimately was selected in the first round of the 1991 NFL draft by his hometown Los Angeles Raiders. But two years later he was out of the NFL a full-blown drug addict in search of a life beyond football. ""The Marinovich Project"" tells the unvarnished story of Todd's unique ascent to stardom the dark descent that followed and the complicated father-son bond throughout ultimately answering the question ""What went wrong with Todd Marinovich?"""
104732 The cyber age is creating a new sexual landscape. While doing research for the film we had intimate and candid conversations with kids in middle school classrooms suburban shopping malls nightclubs college dorms and even conducted an informal roundtable during a high school house party. While chronicling trends among small town and big city kids we discovered this: Having pubic hair is considered unattractive and “gross.” Most youngsters know someone who has emailed or texted a naked photo of themselves. Many kids have accidentally or intentionally had their first introduction to sex be via hardcore online porn. Facebook has created an arena where kids compete to be “liked” and constantly worry about what image to portray – much of what was once private is now made public. And the list goes on.
104880 Shadows of Liberty presents the phenomenal true story of today's disintegrating freedoms within the U.S. media and government that they don't want you to see. The film takes an intrepid journey through the darker corridors of the American media landscape where global media conglomerates exercise extraordinary political social and economic power. The overwhelming collective power of these firms raises troubling questions about democracy. Highly revealing interviews actuality and archive material tell insider accounts of a broken media system where journalists are prevented from pursuing controversial news stories people are censored for speaking out against abuses of government power and individual lives are shattered as the arena for public expression has been turned into a private profit zone
"104986 At the Munich Olympics of 1972 John Akii Bua from the impoverished African country of Uganda powered round the inside lane in the 400m hurdles past the English favourite and reigning Olympic Champion David Hemery to win the gold medal 10m clear of the field. John Akii Bua had become the first African to win gold in an event under 800 metres. He was also the first man to break the 48 seconds barrier in the 400 metre hurdles an event so gruelling its nickname is 'The Mankiller'. This is the story about that amazing triumph - and what happened next. David Hemery retired to respectable fame and fortune later becoming president of the UK's athletics federation. John Akii Bua returned to a Uganda carving the name of its military ""President"" Idi Amin into genocidal notoriety. This is a film about the pinnacle of athletic achievement - and the search to discover what followed."
105388 Every Second Counts takes an inside look at the CrossFit culture and community where time on a stopwatch reigns as the supreme measure of performance. Those who reach the elite ranks in the burgeoning sport of CrossFit push themselves beyond limitations imposed by the mind and flirt with the limits of physical capacity. Human perseverance has never voluntarily gone this far.  The film chronicles the dramatic journey of five athletes as they prepare for and compete in the most comprehensive test of fitness on the planet the CrossFit Games. The road to this grueling two-day program of extreme challenges reveals what it takes to be the best in the world. The climactic finish with its surprising turn of events shows beyond any doubt that the winner of the CrossFit Games is the fittest person on earth.
105490 For some aging music fans and kids with a passion for musical history The Replacements are rock and roll defined. Gorman Bechard's remarkable history of the 'Mats takes us from their first show as the Impediments to their 1991 onstage breakup in Chicago and everywhere in between. Bechard bravely eschews including the band's music photos and live footage instead relying solely on the fans: their well-kept memories hilarious anecdotes and differing points of views about the foursome's wildly varied discography and infamous antics.
105556 Heist: Who Stole the American Dream? reveals how American corporations orchestrated the dismantling of middle-class prosperity through rampant deregulation the outsourcing of jobs and tax policies favoring businesses and the wealthy. The collapse of the U.S. economy is the result of conscious choices made over thirty five years by a small group: leaders of corporations and their elected allies and the biggest lobbying interest in Washington the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. To these individuals the collapse is not a catastrophe but rather the planned outcome of their long patient work. For the rest of the country it is merely the biggest heist in American history.
105945 Memorial Day 1993. When 13-year-old Kyle Vogel discovers the World War II footlocker belonging to his grandfather Bud everyone tells Kyle to put it back. Luckily he ignores them. Although Bud has never talked about the war he finds himself striking a deal with his grandson: Kyle can pick any three souvenirs and Bud will tell him the stories behind each one. Memorial Day not only takes us on a journey into Bud's complicated wartime past but also into Kyle's wartime future. As the two men share parallel experiences in combat they come to realize how that magical day on the porch shaped both of their lives. 
105962 Based on the book “The Legend of Mickey Tussler” this film follows the story of eighteen-year-old Mickey Tussler who lives on a farm with his father and mother and who has Asperger’s Syndrome a form of autism. But he can throw apples at an amazing speed.  When a chance meeting occurs with the baseball manager of the semi-pro team the River Rats from Clayton Ohio Mickey gets a chance to pitch for the team and to prove to his father he can do more than live hidden away on the family farm taking care of his pig Oscar.
106028 Having spent the last three days watching crappy B grade horror films to catch up on his website movie reviews Charles attempts to attend his first day of Summer School. All he wants to do is get his Physics class out of the way before starting senior year. Attending Summer School as well by court order no less are two of Charles' friends Dennis and Steve. Also his crush Lindsey appears to finally be noticing him. If his teacher Mrs. Wickham doesn't drive him insane what lurks in the school just might
106337 A Stanford law-school dropout named Jillian escapes to the anonymity of Los Angeles to figure out what she wants to do with her life and on the day of her college boyfriend's birthday she finds herself stuck running an ice cream truck fending off locals and oddball friends alike. This one day spent in a truck on the streets of Los Angeles will wake Jillian from her aimless daze and make her see that life doesn't stop just because you want it to.
106343 Bad Brains are one of the most important and influential American bands still working today. They melded punk and reggae into an innovative style that has yet to be copied. Their impact and influence can be heard in groups like Beastie Boys No Doubt Nirvana Jane's Addiction and countless more. Despite the troubles of an eccentric front man they have stayed together for 30 years without ever reaching the level of success so many think they deserve. Using rare archival footage and original comic illustrations the film re-constructs Bad Brains' rich and complicated history.
106401 After eight years away from WWE Brock Lesnar has reemerged to bring the pain but John Cena refuses to be intimidated. CM Punk returns home to defend the WWE Championship and his family against Chris Jericho. Daniel Bryan faces Sheamus in a 2-out of-3 Falls Match! It’s time to toss out the rulebook as WWE presents Extreme Rules!  Extreme Rules (2012) took place on April 29 2012 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont Illinois. It was the fourth event under the Extreme Rules chronology.
106493 Did you know that 1% of the white noise you see on old televisions is background radiation from The Big Bang? That the gold on a wedding ring comes from a star that exploded 5 billion years ago? And that we're connected to the salt water of the first oceans through the water in our bodies? Our human story is actually 14 billion years old and the clues are all around us. This CGI-driven special will tell the history of our world in two hours an ambitious story that will give surprising connections to our daily lives. From the formation of the earth and the emergence of life to the advance of man and the growth of civilization it’s a rapid-fire view of our unforgettable story.
106615 Theo Fleury was an NHL star. He played for the Calgary Flames New York Rangers and Chicago Blackhawks. He made 50 million dollars and threw it away on drugs alcohol and gambling. He reached bottom and bought a gun intending to kill himself. At the last minute he changed his mind. He wrote a book revealing that as a teen he'd been sexually abused by his coach. It created a firestorm of publicity and went on to become a No. 1 bestseller in Canada. Theo starred in a top-rated skating competition reality show and had a cameo in the opening film at TIFF last year. Inspired by the book the documentary follows Theo's struggle with the aftermath of the book and gives his turmoil a voice.
106802 Between 1959 and 1975 Stax Records in Memphis Tennessee released international chart-topping hits from artists including Otis Redding Sam & Dave Booker T. & the MG's Rufus and Carla Thomas the Staple Singers Isaac Hayes and even Richard Pryor and Jesse Jackson. Founded by a white conservative bank teller who played country fiddle music Stax became the preeminent soul music label in America and became identified with the civil rights movement of the 1960s and '70s. RESPECT YOURSELF documents the Stax label its visionaries and most of all its music.
107031 Forever Plaid is an affectionate musical homage to the close-harmony 'guy groups' that reached the height of their popularity during the 1950s. This quartet of high-school chums and their earnest dreams of recording an album ended (symbolically and even literally) in death when their cherry red '54 Mercury collided with a bus filled with Catholic schoolgirls on their way to see the Beatles' American debut on The Ed Sullivan Show. The girls were fine. The play begins with the wondrous and wondering Plaids returning from the afterlife for one final chance at musical glory.
107872 Charlotte (Mittel) moves into a secluded hillside home with her boyfriend Howard (Gunn) and soon discovers she is pregnant. But her happiness is clouded by several strange occurrences - ghostly footsteps disembodied voices and the appearance of an eerie faceless woman. The encounters become more frequent and disturbing and Charlotte is shocked to discover she is suffering from a Dissociative Fugue which has caused her to forget everything from the last nine months. As she sets out to uncover what caused her memory loss the events of the past blend into the present - threatening not only her life but that of her unborn baby.
108299 The movie tells the story of a middle-class couple with two teenage children and a boring sex life in search of new experiences- first with their sexy maid. Later with the advice of an older female friend who has swinger lifestyle with her husband they decide to explore the possibility of sparking fresh passion by hooking up with a swinger couple. But then problems arrive when they start to get blackmailed by the male swinger who wants money to not show some private pictures of the wife. Written by lament
108354 “Hunt for the I-5 Killer” is a dramatization based on the haunting true story of the yearlong manhunt for a killer suspected of murdering 14 victims and committing numerous sexual assaults up and down the I-5 highway corridor through California Washington and Oregon. As Detective Dave Kominek (John Corbett) starts to discover similarities in the cases he becomes determined to prove the seemingly unrelated killings are the work of one man. As the case unfolds and more victims come to light a shocking twist comes into play – could the sadistic mass murderer possibly be a handsome all-American athlete? The movie is from Ann Rule’s book and also stars Sara Canning.
108476 Trashed - looks at the risks to the food chain and the environment through pollution of our air land and sea by waste. The film reveals surprising truths about very immediate and potent dangers to our health. It is a global conversation from Iceland to Indonesia between the film star Jeremy Irons and scientists politicians and ordinary individuals whose health and livelihoods have been fundamentally affected by waste pollution. Visually and emotionally the film is both horrific and beautiful: an interplay of human interest and political wake-up call. But it ends on a message of hope: showing how the risks to our survival can easily be averted through sustainable approaches that provide far more employment than the current 'waste industry.'
"108523 A Middle-aged Japanese ex-pat journalist investigates child organ trafficking in Thailand and he uncovers a sinister network. In the darkest corners of Thailand child prostitution and organ sales flourish. In order to save a child's life another life must be taken. An outraged Japanese journalist and a passionate young Japanese NGO member attempt to save ""children of the dark"" from being consumed by arrogance and greed. However the harsh realities of life intervene... Adapting Yan Sogil's book which unflinchingly portrays the tragic realities unfolding today filmmaker Junji Sakamoto directs a talented multinational cast to bring these stark events to life."
"108540 William G. Wilson is co-founder of Alcoholics Anonymous a man included in TIME Magazine's ""100 Persons of the 20th Century."" Interviews recreations and rare archival material reveal how Bill Wilson a hopeless drunk near death from his alcoholism found a way out of his own addiction and then forged a path for countless others to follow. With Bill as its driving force A.A. grew from a handful of men to a worldwide fellowship of over 2 million men and women - a success that made him an icon within A.A. but also an alcoholic unable to be a member of the very society he had created. A reluctant hero Bill Wilson lived a life of sacrifice and service and left a legacy that continues every day all around the world."
"108761 Filmed at the Encore Theater at Wynn Las Vegas this extraordinary concert features performances of over 30 songs from Beyoncé’s three multi-platinum solo releases Destiny’s Child catalog and a few surprises. This amazing concert includes the #1 hits “Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It)” “If I Were A Boy” “Halo” “Sweet Dreams” and showcases a gut-wrenching performance of “That’s Why You’re Beautiful.”  Included on ""I AM... YOURS An Intimate Performance At Wynn Las Vegas"" is a biographical storytelling woven between many songs and exclusive behind-the-scenes footage."
109326 Follows six extreme sports stars as they prepare for and then compete in the 2008 Summer X-Games in Los Angeles. Kyle Loza practices a new motocross trick landing in a pit of foam. Can he do it in front of thousands and land safely on dirt? Travis Pastrana shifts from a bike to a rally car - in part because he's broken so many bones. Shaun White finishes his snowboard season and jumps immediately onto his skateboard. Retired motocross champion Ricky Cunningham takes up a new event. In the finale after practicing together as friends and competitors Bob Burnquist and Danny Way face off on the mega ramp
109349 The unmarried daughter of a Texas rancher gives birth to an unwanted child. She puts the child up for adoption and moves away from home. Without her knowledge her father took the boy and raised him. Twelve years later she is now a successful family-court judge in L.A. Over the years she has avoided her father and knows nothing of the child. That all changes when he decides that is time she knew her own child and heads for L.A.
109411 Leroy Lowe grand dragon of the Texas Ku Klux Klan confronts everything he's been taught to hate when he's sentenced to three years of hard labor on a prison work farm where Warden Merville dead set on rehabilitating Leroy chooses Emilio a Hispanic field worker imprisoned for fighting for labor rights to be his cell-mate. Leroy confined in a small cell with the enemy far from the KKK comrades who deserted him finds the chatty Emilio slowly chipping away at his anger and prejudice. His weekly rehabilitation meetings with the warden barely tolerable as the man drones on about farm labor and field crops take on a different meaning when Madalena a beautiful Mexican maid is hired to clean the warden's office. An unconventional love story develops that opens Leroy's eyes to the possibility of a different life. And a man who was a born and bred racist finds himself heading down a completely different path to salvation.
"109429 Angelo Roncalli born in Sotto Il Monte in 1881 is known for his profound spirituality as well as his extraordinary goodness from the young years of his life. When he feels a need to serve God Angelo goes to study theology in Bergamo and in Apollinare School (Rome) and becomes a priest. During his studies he gets to know his two dearest friends Mattia and Nicola. Very soon most people see marvelous talents in him including his wide knowledge and a constant readiness for sacrifice. The Holy See makes him go further to bishop and cardinal and the Holy Father sends him to various places as a representative of the Church. When Pius XII dies on October the 9th 1958 77 year-old Angelo goes to Rome to conclave to choose a new pope. However this time it is him who hears gentle words of Jesus ""Tu es Petrus!"" (""You are Peter!"") and from October the 28th leads the church as pope John XXIII"
109451 After the disastrous food storm in the first film Flint and his friends are forced to leave the town. Flint accepts the invitation from his idol Chester V to join The Live Corp Company which has been tasked to clean the island and where the best inventors in the world create technologies for the betterment of mankind. When Flint discovers that his machine still operates and now creates mutant food beasts like living pickles hungry tacodiles shrimpanzees and apple pie-thons he and his friends must return to save the world.
109797 In this movie Maggie Lawson plays Nancy Drew. A young woman who has just entered college. While rushing with her friends Bess and George the star football player Jesse goes into a coma. Nancy can sense there is something more to the story so she starts investigating. In only a short period of time she gets arrested asked out by a cop almost expelled and gets one of her friends expelled. But that doesn't stop her from finding out what happened to Jesse. Written by Kate Price!!!
110294 Return To Forever were at the forefront of jazz/rock fusion in the seventies and like their contemporaries Weather Report and Mahavishnu Orchestra were formed by a former Miles Davis sideman in this case the great Chick Corea. Return To Forever hit their commercial and artistic peak with a string of albums in the mid-seventies featuring the line-up of Chick Corea on keyboards Stanley Clarke on bass Al Di Meola on guitar and Lenny White on drums. In 2008 this classic line-up reunited for their first tour in 25 years and proved that their musicianship and the chemistry within the band were as strong as ever.
110416 The story of the last Seal Child’s journey home. After their mother’s disappearance Ben and Saoirse are sent to live with Granny in the city. When they resolve to return to their home by the sea their journey becomes a race against time as they are drawn into a world Ben knows only from his mother’s folktales. But this is no bedtime story; these fairy folk have been in our world far too long. It soon becomes clear to Ben that Saoirse is the key to their survival.
"110478 John Cena takes on the polarizing purveyor of ""People Power"" John Laurinaitis. Plus both World Championships are on the line! The Superstars of Raw and SmackDown dial up the intensity as WWE goes Over The Limit!  Over the Limit was a PPV which took place at the PNC Arena in Raleigh North Carolina on May 20 2012. It was the third and final event under the Over the Limit chronology. In a main event from the Raw brand John Laurinaitis challenged John Cena. Another main event from the Raw brand featured CM Punk defending against Daniel Bryan for the WWE Championship. In the main event from the SmackDown brand Sheamus defended against  Alberto Del Rio Randy Orton and Chris Jericho in a Fatal Four-way match for the World Heavyweight Championship."
110490 Rags follows the story of Charlie Prince an orphan living with his acerbic and unloving stepfather and spoiled simple-minded stepbrothers. Charlie's dream is to be a singer and while he is vocally talented and can write music he can't seem to catch a break. Kadee Worth on the other hand is the daughter of music mogul Reginald Worth and is an international pop phenomenon. While the world knows her as a glamorous superstar she is secretly frustrated with singing other people's songs and wearing clothes other people choose for her. Kadee wants the world to hear and see her true talent. Despite every obstacle that gets thrown in their way once Charlie and Kadee find one another they each finally get what they have been looking for – a voice a stage an audience and each other.
110787 Recording a 24-hour period throughout every country in the world we explore a greater diversity of perspectives than ever seen before on screen. We follow characters and events that evolve throughout the day interspersed with expansive global montages that explore the progression of life from birth to death to birth again. In the end despite unprecedented challenges and tragedies throughout the world we are reminded that every day we are alive there is hope and a choice to see a better future together. Founded in 2008 it set out to explore our planet's identity and challenges in an attempt to answer the question: Who are we?
110937 A behind-the-scenes look at November 22 1963 from the unique perspective of Lyndon Johnson. On his pivotal first day as President Lyndon Johnson is put to the test as he contends with the jarring transfer of political power and the daunting challenge of securing the trust of a devastated nation. From new details about when JFK really died to the truth behind LBJ's Oath of Office photo on Air Force One this special uncovers an unfamiliar story born out of one of the most crucial days in American history
111192 The film TRUTH IN 24 II documents the tenth and arguably most emotional triumph of the brand with the four rings at this sports car classic. After two Audi R18 TDI cars have retired following spectacular accidents the remaining Audi fights a dramatic battle for overall victory with the three Peugeot 908 cars which the Audi trio ultimately decides in its favor with a narrow margin of 13 seconds. The film captures the entire drama of the fourth-narrowest running of the Le Mans 24 Hours with intimate insights into the team of Audi Sport and breath-taking pictures.
111374 Tortoise in Love is a feel-good romantic comedy in the tradition of Local Hero Calendar Girls and The Full Monty. It's about an incredibly slow mover in love and the village that tries to speed him up.  The entire film is set in the beautiful English countryside of the Vale of the White Horse in Oxfordshire.  The story of the making of Tortoise in Love could almost be a film in itself. Almost the entire village of Kingston Bagpuize in Oxfordshire was involved in the making of the film. Young mums helped with the sales and design and publicity. Retired folk provided the drivers and stewards and props and logistics support. The Women's Institute organised a phenomenal catering effort and all the cast and crew were lodged in village homes for the duration of the shoot.
111771 In 2007 Queens Park Rangers a small Football Club of West London were bottom of England's Second League and 2 hours from bankruptcy. Just as the club faced liquidation they were bought by billionaire businessmen. Filmed in an observational fashion from a poetic distance the documentary follows the larger than life and high profile characters who put their money and reputations on the line through 4 tumultuous years of enormous ups and downs. For 98 dramatic minutes we are given unprecedented access and remarkable insight into the worlds of sport business finance power and ego - culminating in success in 2011 when QPR won promotion to the Premier League and the four year plan - set out by the owners in 2007 - was spectacularly achieved.
"111775 On September 19 1973 the musician and heir to a million-dollar fortune died under the influence of drugs and alcohol near his favourite place - the Joshua Tree National Monument in the Californian desert. As the founder of the Flying Burrito Brothers a member of the hit-making legendary Byrds an important influence on the Rolling Stones and the man who catapulted Emmylou Harris to fame Gram Parsons made music history in only a few years. Friends contemporaries and devotees of Gram Parsons talk about the importance of his work and the bizarre circumstances of his early death. Rare footage of his performances shows why Gram Parsons has become a legend. Interviewees include Gram's wife Gretchen his sister and his daughter Keith Richards Emmylou Harris Chris Hillman and ""Road Manager"" Phil Kaufman."
111949 100 Days. 100 gritty souls. 100 wild mustangs. That's the premise of the annual Extreme Mustang Makeover a competition that challenges horse trainers - both pros and amateurs - to each tame a totally wild horse in order to get it adopted into a better life beyond U.S. Government corrals. Intimately following a handful of participants in the 2009 event from their first uneasy meeting with their horses and up through the competition and adoption the film documents the deep and profound bonds that can develop between man and beast.
112119 In 2040 a generation of Torontonians have grown up after the economic collapse of the west. The movie consists of episodes of a documentary series popular in mainland China about the bad jobs some white people have -- the plucky and resilient souls unlucky enough to be born into the slums of North America are both amusing and moving to the Chinese audience. Oscar is a digital janitor and has to manually cover up logos for copyright reasons in the future's answer to Google StreetView maps. Gary and Karen assemble robot baby dolls for the children of the wealthy in Asia. Anton and Toph are spider silk collectors. Serina is human spam and makes a living by mentioning brands and products in casual conversation.
"112164 Documentary filmmaker Ami Horowitz takes us on a brutal tour of a number of places where the UN has intervened. Through interviews with those involved - some of whom wish to remain anonymous - and archive footage he uncovers facts about manifest abuses and scandals surrounding UN missions and personnel. Such as a ""forgotten"" shooting in Cōte d'Ivoire during which UN soldiers opened fire on unarmed demonstrators. Or the ""Oil for Food"" program in Iraq which resulted in the wrong people reaping the benefits. Horowitz also addresses the harrowing case of the UN soldiers who stood by powerless during the genocide in Rwanda."
112289 Synopsis  James White (White) is one of dozens of associate  pastors at a mega church in Southern California under the tutelage of television evangelist Johnny Kingman (Wise). He always longed to have his own church and jumps at the opportunity to become pastor of the impoverished Divine Faith Apostolic Church in Atlanta. His wife and two children aren’t very enthusiastic about his assignment. Neither is the congregation itself but they will have to learn to trust each other and pull together to save the church from a corrupt banker anxious to foreclose. It will take a musical miracle supplied by BeBe Winans himself to save them all in this heartfelt family-friendly comedy.
"112574 The plot centers around the Johnson family (consisting of Chris (Rob Hartz) and Ellen (Kathleen Cameron) Johnson and their son Casey (Hy Rillero)) of Los Angeles California one of a small number of families to survive a global pandemic that according to the opening of the film occurs ""sometime in the future..."" The disease began as a particularly virulent flu strain in Southeast Asia. Efforts made to contain the virus in that portion of the world are ineffective as global transportation networks carry infected individuals all around the world. Hospitals become overloaded and the public works infrastructure begins to shut down. Eventually the main characters leave L.A. encountering many hardships along the way. They make it to a friendly small town where life begins again."
112795 Two cousins Jill and Patti visit a quaint little town on a perfect little island.Patti came to visit a man she had met and brought her cousin Jill to tag along.The two meet some local men and seem to spark relationships with them. Patti seeks to impress the new mystery man she has met. Patti puts all things aside and goes running off with the man she has recently met.Eventually Patti disappears.Jill looks everywhere for her cousin. Strange things start to happen and finding Patti becomes quite challenging with missed phone calls and ferries that have left. Jill seeks for more answers and continues to push to locate her missing cousin. Jill will stop at nothing to uncover where Patti is.Jill starts to uncover the deep dark secrets of this perfect little island. No one has died on this island in centuries and Jill soon discovers why. It is a secret Jill must expose.
112987 What do you do when your biggest dream is just an arms reach away. Tre-Dog and C-Note long for the day to be the biggest rap stars in the city of Ft. Lauderdale but don't have the dough or the connections to get there. When a bogus record label offers to sign them if they can come up with their own promotion money the hustle is on. The two rappers scam their way into raising 20000 dollars the fast way stealing it. Now two be wannabee rap stars are on the run from one of the hood's most dangerous drug ealers. Is their dream worth dying for or can they hustle their way out of this one? The Hustle is definitely a slap your knee gut busting comedy about two hustlers who find themselves getting hustled.
113084 Owl City is the creation of Adam Young a Minnesota native who started making music at home and building up a fanbase via the internet before breaking worldwide with his global hit Fireflies in the summer of 2009 taken from his Top 10 album Ocean Eyes . The single went to No.1 in both the US and the UK and topped the charts in many other countries. Live From Los Angeles was filmed in high definition at Club Nokia on 21 July 2011 and is the first DVD and Blu-ray release by the band.  Track Listing:  1) The Real World 2) Cave In 3) Hello Seattle 4) Angels 5) Swimming In Miami 6) Umbrella Beach 7) I ll Meet You There 8) Plant Life 9) Setting Sail 10) The Bird And The Worm 11) Lonely Lullaby 12) Fireflies 13) Dreams Don t Turn To Dust 14) Kamikaze 15) Meteor Shower 16) Galaxies 17) Alligator Sky 18) Deer In The Headlights 19) Yacht Club 20) How I Became The Sea 21) If My Heart Was A House
"113347 A rare and unique assembly of some of the greatest drummers in the world. Explosive talent passion humour and irresistible personality come together in a magical setting when seven diverse drummers create a profound and unforgettable experience. You've never seen drummers like this before! Featuring Nasyr Abdul Al-Khabyyr Dennis Chambers Kenwood Dennard Horacio ""El-Negro"" Hernadez Giovanni Hidalgo Mike Mangini and Raul Rekow the film engages us with the rich music styles and influences that are as dynamic as the performers themselves. We are lifted to another dimension as we connect to the powerful forces of nature embodied in the music of these master musicians. The creative and spiritual freedom of expression these artists display is overwhelming - from Latin rhythms to the wildly original compositions of Kenwood Dennard. Rock jazz Latin fusion soul - these master drummers have backed up the likes of Miles Davis Dizzy Gillespie Carlos Santana and now - each other."
113362 Their family name alone evokes horror: Himmler Frank Goering Hoess. This film looks at the descendants of the most powerful figures in the Nazi regime: men and women who were left a legacy that indelibly associates them with one of the greatest abominations in history. What is it like to have grown up with a name that immediately raises images of genocide? How do they live with the weight of their ancestors' crimes? Is it possible to move on from the crimes of their ancestors?
114150 College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals nice gals and just plain weird gals Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions.
"114566 In the beautiful hills of the Copper Canyon in Chihuahua Mexico a young boy (Emilio) is adopted by the mailman (Teo). As part of their daily tasks they not only deliver the mail but read letters to the villagers as well as take dictation since most are illiterate. Young Emilio quickly learns to read and write but feels saddened by the mostly difficult stories sent by relatives that moved north to Denver Colorado in pursuit of a better future. One day Teo becomes disabled and Emilio takes over the mail route and with great imagination he changes the letters to happy and optimistic stories. Within days the village is transformed. The elders once hopeless lonely and sad are now happy and enthusiastic enjoying the ""supposed"" success their loved ones write from the United States. But the enjoyment is short lived as they realize that all the wonderful stories are the same..."
114593 Chronological look at the life and career of Johnny Carson (1925-2005) with commentary from an ex-wife and more than 30 fellow comedians friends employees and biographers. The biography defines why Carson was an enduring star (his cool his timing his genuine laugh his breadth of knowledge) and pursues his motivations and inner self (a loner with a drinking problem a decent Midwesterner whose mother withheld approval a quiet person who loved to entertain). The key to understanding him argues the biography is his love of magic.
114724 Two isolated families meet for a summertime celebration. Food is abundant and the future seems bright but Ningiuq a wise old woman sees her world as fragile and moves through it with a pervasive sense of dread. Ningiuq and her grandson Maniq are dropped off on a remote island where every year the family dries the catch and stores it for winter. The task is soon finished. As summer turns to fall they wait in vain for the others to pick them up. Written by Anonymous (IMDb.com)
114996 A stalker tackles three women in London. First 23-year old likable schoolteacher Zoe Haratounian who beats off a thief and gets declared a local heroine by the press gets scary anonymous letters but because she runs off from the police station when the desk officer cheerfully calls her 'our poster girl' to a colleague when recognizing her on a press cutting it takes days before the police can even send over PC Andrew Stadden a detective in training. She breaks up with her 'not sensitively supportive' hunky boyfriend gardener Fred who even gets investigated as a suspect and only has his soccer mates Maurice 'Moz' 'Hack' ...
115298 Desperate measures have earned the Big Show an ironclad contract from John Laurinaitis. Now the Big Show vows to take out 14 years of pent-up aggression on John Cena inside the confines of a 15-foot high steel cage but if the Big Show falls to Cena Mr. McMahon will utter those 2 infamous words to the reviled GM…”You’re Fired!”. Plus the WWE Championship is contested amidst a bizarre love-quartet involving the unstable Diva AJ and three Triple Threat combatants - CM Punk Daniel Bryan and Kane. And Dolph Ziggler gets a golden opportunity when he faces Sheamus for the World Heavyweight Championship. With careers pride and championships on the line there truly is NO WAY OUT!!
115331 Istria 1944. A small community is shaken by the entry of Tito's partisans. Novak his commander is a man who years ago had a child with a local woman and now houses the secret intention of finding them. But Giulia the mother of the child will hide him in the orphanage who runs Mr. Bruno the local priest. But Novak does not give up so I Bruno decides to take him away starting a chase up to the Italian borders.
115338 Deuce is the second DVD by the American Nu Metal band Korn. It was released on June 11 2002 - the same day as the band's fifth studio release Untouchables. The DVD was certified platinum by the RIAA. The DVD includes the band's first home video Who Then Now? and features the music video collection from Korn to Issues. Other extras include biographies of each band member gags behind-the-scenes of the music videos or live concerts and various other things.
115646 It's Martha's first night as a waitress in an upscale New York restaurant. Veteran Chloe shows her the ropes and introduces her to the lives of the restaurant staff. Adam a hopeful playwright suffers for his art while dealing with a very indecisive (ex-?)girlfriend. Marlon is a cocky young actor certain that his big break is just around the corner. When the restaurant's obnoxious owner Simon brings a special client in for dinner pressures mount until an explosion seems inevitable.
115996 On the 7th of May 2009 Senior Constables Len Snee Grant Diver and Bruce Miller arrived at 41 Chaucer Rd in Napier to serve a search warrant on Jan Molenaar for the growing of cannabis. This was just a routine warrant something they had done countless times. What was meant to be an ordinary procedure turned into three of New Zealand’s darkest days and ended with one police officer dead two officers critically injured and a member of the public fighting for his life. In some fifty hours Jan Molenaar made a permanent and devastating imprint upon the national psyche of New Zealand as he changed the lives of individuals families a police community and a city. The siege was one of the worst and unexpected cases of violence both Napier and New Zealand had witnessed and it was all the more shocking because of its ordinary suburban backdrop.
116167 When a cross-section of seven-year-olds were interviewed for 7 Up in 1964 it was immediately evident that their social backgrounds influenced their attitudes towards life. While the upper class children were confident and self-assured those from middle and working class backgrounds were resigned to a challenging life of hard work. This premise was put to the test every seven years when the same group were interviewed about the progression of their lives. 49 years in the making the changes that occurred to the original 14 make for fascinating television and are in many ways the stories of all our lives. From success and disappointment marriage and childbirth to poverty and illness nearly every facet of life has been captured on film. Now at the age of 56 the group are once more brought together and with the benefit of hindsight assess whether their lives have been ruled by circumstance or self-determination.
116186 Filmed in high definition at London's renowned O2 Arena on December 15th 2011 this is Kasabian's first stand alone DVD release. The show came on the back of the band's No.1 album Velociraptor! and the setlist combines tracks from that album with hits and classic album tracks from across their career so far. The concert was part of a sold out arena tour that covered the UK and Ireland at the end of last year. Kasabian are the recipients of numerous awards for Best Live Band and Best British Band in recent years and this new show with its spectacular and innovative staging will be a must have for their huge and dedicated fanbase.
"116610 The film tells the story of Jack Filice Jr. an heir to a Hollywood Italian-American dynasty. As his father Jack Sr.(played Tony-award winning Joe Mantegna) lays dying he asks his only son to preserve the family estate and to never tear it down. The pact is made but within a year the cocky young music producer demolishes the estate and builds his ""party palace"". On the night of Jack's house warming party friends and family party into the early morning unaware of the ""monstrous spirit"" who returns to murder them one-by-one until only his grandson is left to destroy."
"116808 With freshly rechristened characters and brand-new dialogue this British TV production of Othello is a ""rethinking"" of Shakespeare's play albeit still retaining the original's power and potency. The story is set in the London of the near future a crime-ridden metropolis virtually torn apart by racial hostilities. By order of the Prime Minister black police officer John Othello (Eamonn Walker) is promoted to Commissioner a post dearly coveted by Othello's friend mentor and fellow officer Ben Jago (Christopher Eccleston). Seething with jealousy Jago contrives to discredit Othello in the eyes of the public and to destroy John's interracial marriage to the lily-white Dessie (Keeley Hawes). Among those used as unwitting dupes to gain Jago's ends are Othello's trusted lieutenant Michael Cass (Richard Coyle) scrupulously honest police constable Alan Roderick (Del Synnott) and Jago's own wife Lulu (Rachael Stirling)."
116835 Wish You Were Here released in September 1975 was the follow up album to the globally successful The Dark Side Of The Moon and is cited by many fans as well as band members Richard Wright and David Gilmour as their favorite Pink Floyd album. On release it went straight to Number One in both the UK and the US and topped the charts in many other countries around the world. This program tells the story of the making of this landmark release through new interviews with Roger Waters David Gilmour and Nick Mason and archive interviews with the late Richard Wright. Also featured are sleeve designer Storm Thorgerson guest vocalist Roy Harper front cover burning man Ronnie Rondell and others involved in the creation of the album. In addition original recording engineer Brian Humphries revisits the master tapes at Abbey Road Studios to illustrate aspects of the songs construction.
"117033 On May 19 1984 an out of work ice cream truck driver from Southwestern Ohio broke the bank on CBS' hit game show of the mid-1980's ""Press Your Luck"" and made TV history by setting a record for the most money won by a contestant in one appearance on a daytime game show; A record which may have been long been surpassed with the Big-Jackpot game shows of today but still stands strong as the biggest win in ""Press Your Luck's"" history. Was it brilliance? Was it cheating? And how did he do it? ""Press Your Luck's"" host and crew the family of Michael Larson - the man who walked away with $110237 in cash and prizes - and Michael's opponents from that fateful day gathered in Hollywood 19 years later to relive the events of that remarkable event in TV history."
117340 Lonely since his wife left him and alienated from his daughter a cantankerous voice-over artist strikes up an unlikely friendship with his regular deliveryman. Many suburbs away an elderly widow loses her license to drive and turns to her wry younger neighbor for nostalgic cuddles and comfort. Meanwhile a young urban sports fanatic meets a girl online and unexpectedly falls in love though the trials the couple endure prove even more unexpected. Adam Reid's enchanting compassionate debut weaves together the worlds of six lonely individuals as they negotiate the age-old process of giving and receiving love. It isn't easy and it never happens the way they expect it but for these isolated souls there's an oddball magic in the way they make connections they never imagined.
117351 Federal officer with the Department of Homeland Security discovers a national security breach related to the entry of 23 aliens from terrorist countries into the United States. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner former head of the DEA Robert Bonner can't afford any more media scrutiny since his incompetence was already exposed in the NASA 'Challenger' disaster. To avoid the scandal the full might of the government is unleashed against Julia Davis her family and witnesses. This retaliation reaches an unprecedented magnitude including four unexplained deaths Hollywood and the Mafia false imprisonments and the use of Blackhawk helicopters and airplanes for warrantless surveillance. Amidst many shocking revelations this documentary provides a new insight into the deaths of well-known Hollywood figures unwittingly dragged into this scandal.  The truth is no longer a secret.
117711 This is the second part of the kung fu killer.  China is in unrest as the Republic falls prey to Warlords like Kahn Xin who holds an entire province hostage to the opium trade—and destroys all who oppose him. Only the revered Wudang monks dare stand in Kahn’s way in order to protect the very soul of China. Among them is the Westerner White Crane a spiritual master of the martial arts and protector of the innocent. Revenge is not in Crane’s heart—until a mercenary army storms the temple and slaughters the beloved female Grandmaster Myling. Out of the ashes of the temple ruins Crane rises—with vengeance in his heart. Crane comes upon Jane Marshall a New York lounge singer and her gangster boss Bingo Quo. But it’s Bingo’s dangerous professional ties to Kahn that draw both Crane and Jane deep into the Warlord’s lair. Now torn between the spiritual Wudang teaching and the cold-blooded life of an assassin Crane is about the cross the fine line between justice and revenge.
117953 Filmed at the MEN Arena in Manchester on December 16th 2011 this stunning Duran Duran live show is the perfect combination of great music amazing visuals and iconic style which has been the band s trademark throughout their career. Following the release of their acclaimed All You Need Is Now album this concert combines new songs from that release with their classic hits. Whether in the studio or the live arena Duran Duran are masters of their craft and this latest concert bursts with energy and oozes class in the way that only they can.
118403 Michael Jackson’s legendary July 16 1988 concert at Wembley Stadium. The concert is not a compilation of performances but rather one complete show exactly as Michael performed it for Prince Charles Princess Diana and the 72000 fans who were in the audience for that night’s sold out show. The DVD was sourced from Michael Jackson’s personal VHS copy of the performance as shown on the JumboTrons during the concert. This footage was only recently unearthed and is the only known copy of the show to exist. The visuals have been restored and the audio quality enhanced so that fans can share in the excitement of that famous night.
118556 Shot in the Occupied Territories by Israeli director Avi Mograbi this controversial documentary film draws parallels between the Israeli - Palestinian situation today and the enduring myths of Samson and Masada. Mograbi offers a powerful at times chilling lament of the continuing cycles of violence rooted in the past and threatening to engulf everyone's future. With the roots of so much real-world conflict left unexamined by today's restless media this film reminds us just how vital filmmakers like Avi Mograbi are.  Documentary today is rarely immersed in questions of this magnitude - or tackles them with the level of eloquence shown here by Mograbi. An exceptional and challenging film.
118727 Based on the popular book by L. Frank Baum the beloved author of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz comes the incredible story of The Life &amp; Adventures of Santa Claus.  Many centuries ago long before toys had even been invented a baby abandoned at the edge of an enchanted forest was adopted and raised by a beautiful wood nymph thus beginning the life story of Santa Claus. From his first truly magical childhood through the discovery of his life's work of making children happy discover the origin of every tradition surrounding Santa Claus from toys stockings and lighted trees to reindeer and sleigh. Journey back to a time of magic and wonder and experience this heartwarming tale that will bring joy each holiday season.
"118740 This fascinating narrative is based in part on 2 years of research interviews newly unearthed footage and photos and the writings of Davis and Obama himself. Dreams from My Real Father weaves together the proven facts with reasoned logic and speculation in an attempt to fill-in the obvious gaps in Obama's history. Is this the story Barack Obama should have told revealing his true agenda for ""fundamentally transforming America?"" Director Joel Gilbert concludes ""To understand Obama’s plans for America the question is ’Who is the real father?’"""
118920 In this one-off documentary David Malone looks at four brilliant mathematicians – Georg Cantor Ludwig Boltzmann Kurt Gödel and Alan Turing – whose genius has profoundly affected us but which tragically drove them insane and eventually led to them all committing suicide.  The film also talks to the latest in the line of thinkers who have continued to pursue the question of whether there are things that mathematics and the human mind cannot know.  Dangerous Knowledge tackles some of the profound questions about the true nature of reality that mathematical thinkers are still trying to answer today.
119038 In the wake of the turbulent 1960s a new style of song and songwriter came to the fore – a style marked by vulnerable introspection and raw naked emotion. Backed by little more than a lone acoustic guitar or simple piano these exciting voices descended upon Los Angeles now emerging as the center of the American music scene. Their epicenter for self-expression became an old beatnik folk club and a fitting name: The Troubadour. TROUBADOURS traces Carole King James Taylor and the singer/songwriter scene during the late 1960s and early 1970s. The film also interweaves the intriguing story of the 'world famous' Troubadour club that cemented their musical legacy the mercurial impresario named Doug Weston who ran it and the performing careers of some of the best songwriters of their generation – and perhaps any generation: Carole King and James Taylor as well as Jackson Browne David Crosby Joni Mitchell Kris Kristofferson Bonnie Raitt Eagles and many others.
119430 Owned &amp; Operated is a mosaic of the world through the lens of the internet. Showing our lives as consumers under the thumbs of privileged individuals and their methods of control. But the world is awakening and the experience is something outside the normal rules of social interaction causing excitement in those who are not served by the current system... and fear in those who are pampered by it.  This documentary attempts to present these events using the video audio and written content uploaded to the internet by the collective human consciousness comprised of every individual participant.
119685 An untold chapter in the Mass Effect saga following the early career of Alliance Marine James Vega as he leads a squad of elite special forces into battle against a mysterious alien threat known as The Collectors. Stationed at a colony in a remote star system Vega and his troops must protect the inhabitants from an invasion of the deadly insectoid warriors determined to collect the population for unknown purposes. Soon after the attack Vega's commanding officer falls in battle forcing the young officer to embrace the responsibility of leadership for the colony's survival. Having idolized Earth's greatest hero and warrior Commander Shepard (the central character in the Mass Effect video games) the young and idealistic Vega must now make life and the death decisions that will effect not only the lives of his squad but the lives of every person in the colony - all of whom he has sworn to protect...
"119770 The first show was recorded on MTV Unplugged in 94' during the promotion of her second album Debut and the second show was recorded on MTV Live in 98' for the promotion of her fourth album Homogenic. A cover of the track ""My Funny Valentine"" was performed on the MTV Unplugged performance but is not included on this DVD.  Fans were disappointed to find that both shows appear on the DVD as originally broadcast with tracks cut short to fit into the syndicated slot. However a fuller audio version of the MTV Unplugged performance appears on the Debut Live Box disc. The DVD was re-released in 2003 to fix synchronisation problems and to change the audio from mono to stereo on the MTV Unplugged part."
119811 This electric performance was recorded on August 8 2009 at Bojangles Coliseum in Charlotte NC. A special thrill for the band after seeing artists like Bruce Springsteen &amp; The E Street Band Queen and Bob Dylan grace this same stage. Live Volume 3 will feature material culled from their decade-long career including their most recent critically acclaimed album I and Love and You. Live Volume 3 showcases the amazing live performances that have helped The Avett Brothers build a legion of loyal fans; growing exponentially with each release performance and appearance. Live Volume 3 DVD is comprised of highlights from the Bojangles Coliseum shot in HD and mixed by Ryan Hewitt the engineer/mixer of I and Love and You. Additionally the DVD will include documentary-style episodes interspersed with interviews from the band and fans in attendance.
120055 Emily misses her daughter Heather who is attending college in Boston. Since her father died Heather is sensitive to her mom’s dependence on long-standing holiday traditions. This Christmas Heather has planned a trip to Phoenix with her boyfriend but tells her mother she is staying on campus to study.  After Emily arranges a house-swap with Charles an English professor from Boston who wants Washington State’s solitude in order to finish his novel Emily hops on a flight to Boston to surprise Heather for Christmas. Unaware of the house swap Emily’s best friend Faith walks in on Charles at Emily’s house and in Boston Ray Charles’ brother responds to a 911 call only to find Emily at Charles’ condo. Will Christmas travel calamities lead to cross-country romances? Or have there been one too many surprises already?
120080 Infamous defense attorney Malik Ali's haunted past causes him to double as a vigilante ninja defending the cities worst thugs by day and battling them by night. While protecting a beautiful witness in a case against a ruthless mobster Malik is led closer to the evil ninja that killed his wife and children years ago.  Meet the new face of justice! Infamous defense attorney Malik Ali's (Clayton Prince) haunted past causes him to double as a vigilante ninja defending the city's worst thugs by day and battling them by night. While protecting a beautiful witness in a case against a ruthless mobster Malik is led closer to the evil ninja who killed his wife and children many years ago.
120120 The coveted prize that has launched several careers into the championship limelight suspends from the rafters! The biggest Superstars in the WWE will battle for 2 Championship match contracts including for the 1st time ever John Cena. Who will scale the ladder and emerge with a chance at immortality? Plus will the devilish Diva AJ be the kiss of death for WWE Champion CM Punk or for Daniel Bryan? And the entitled Alberto Del Rio finally gets his one-on-one title opportunity against World Heavyweight Champion Sheamus when WWE presents MONEY IN THE BANK!
120325 After a mysterious extraterrestrial object lands in the mining town of Salena Arizona the government dispatches a team of marines to contain the possible threat. Meanwhile a group of death row inmates ambush their prison bus and take the guards and personnel aboard hostage. Arriving in the seemingly deserted town they come across the Special Ops captain the sole survivor of a horrible carnage that's decimated the rest of his unit. Now with time running out the group must unite to combat the threat of the savage aliens hunting them in the mine tunnels below and the peril above from a squad of fighter planes sent to bomb the town to oblivion in this pulse-pounding sci-fi thriller.
"120370 Walter Speckman is a nobody until one day he is struck by lightning and gains the ability to move any object with his mind... but only for 3 inches at a time. A recruiter who knows of super-powered individuals finds Walter and offers him the chance to use his powers to do good... and join with a team of other people with similar abilities. Walter accepts but soon discovers that ""good"" and ""evil"" aren't as easy to differentiate as he thought."
120388 The summer of 2001 will always be remembered for the *NSYNC PopOdyssey Tour - the largest stadium concert tour in the history of the music business! In 35 cities across America millions of fans were thrilled by *NSYNC as they took the music and the live concert technology a few steps further than they had ever been before! Now whether you were there or not you can experience PopOdyssey live on film with the best views from every angle of the main stage the satellite stage and all of the catwalks and drawbridges! PopOdyssey Live features *NSYNC performing all of their biggest hits immersed in the sensational visual effects that made the tour the dizzying spectacle that it was! All of the short films are included too in full-screen format along with the pyrotechnics laser lights flying rigs mechanical bulls and other dazzling special effects!
120402 Lucy Freers has a long-standing marriage a nine-year old daughter and a great family life in the suburbs of Hollywood. Great that is until the Hollywood set decides that motherhood is the newest way to go. When local neighbor Julia Prentice the wife of a famous movie actor adopts a baby in full view of the show-business media the parenthood craze hits its peak. Soon after Julia is found lying dead in Lucy's swimming pool with Lucy and her husband labeled as suspects. Now Lucy must determine the truth to clear the name of both herself and her family.
120435 Two of the biggest boy bands in pop history New Kids On The Block & Backstreet Boys brought their NKOTBSB Tour to the UK on April 28 2012. The second night on April 29th at the world-famous O2 Arena also set a milestone- the show was broadcast online and in select theaters all over the world via livestream. NKOTBSB first shocked and delighted fans when they took the stage together for a medley at the sold out NKOTB Radio City Music Hall show in 2010. The two groups wowed audiences again in their first joint televised performance at the American Music Awards in November 2010 and then went on tour together in 2011 through 2012.
121216 This concert program was shot with 10 Camera Hi-Definition featuring R. Kelly at the world famous Paramount Theater in Oakland CA. Kelly's previous albums have garnered sales of over 25 million records in the U.S. alone. The show will feature hit songs from his entire career leading up to his next album in 2007. This high end program runs over 60 minutes in length and features all of the smash hits that R.Kelly is famous for.  The first live concert feature from international R&amp;B star R. Kelly was shot in Oakland California and includes over 60 minutes of his best-loved hits.
121365 Niki when she was still a child she had a gift. A stuffed parrot that brought her luck. Thanks to that her father and his friends were able to win in gambling in order to make a living. One day though a friend of her's steals the parrot and as a result her father goes bankrupt and ends in prison. Niki as an adult she has to fight back her old friend in a poker tournament. Things get tough thou when she falls in love with him.
121801 The film is a violent edgy ride focusing on down and out Reagan Tyler a man who is troubled by visions and premonitions that ultimately lead him to old school Las Vegas. It's there that Reagan meets the beautiful and mysterious Monika a young woman who turns out to have been killed the night before he even met her. Reagan is then forced to put the puzzle together of what happened how she is still present and help Monika with her revenge on the killers of her younger sister.
121824 After serving 28 years in prison for accidentally killing the son of a crime boss newly paroled gangster Val reunites with his former partners in crime Doc and Hirsch for a night on the town. As the three men revisit old haunts reflect on their glory days and try to make up for lost time one wrestles with a terrible quandary: Doc has orders to kill Val and time is running out for him to figure out a way out of his dilemma.
121830 As a war rages on in the province of Bougainville in Papua New Guinea a young girl becomes transfixed by the Charles Dickens novel Great Expectations which is being read at school by the only white man in the village.  In 1991 a war over a copper mine in the South Pacific tore the island of Bougainville apart. The reclusive “Popeye” (Hugh Laurie) offers the children in fourteen-year-old Matilda’s tiny village an escape with Charles Dickens' Great Expectations. But on an island at war fiction can have dangerous consequences.
122165 In 1971 in the small town of Shirley Falls in Maine the odd and lonely secretary Isabelle Goodrow raises her teenager daughter Amy alone. She has only two friends in her job among her gossiper colleagues. When her overprotected daughter is seduced by her mathematic teacher Peter Robertson the world of Isabelle falls apart. She becomes lost and loses her confidence on Amy spoiling their relationship. Their bond gets tied again when Isabelle discloses her inner secrets from the past to Amy.
122213 The Close Encounters Tour is Robbie Williams' 2006 worldwide concert tour. It kicked off in Durban's ABSA Stadium on 10 April and ended in Melbourne on 18 December. The tour was a great success financially with every date selling out the morning the tickets went on sale. Williams broke the World Record for selling 1.6 million tickets in a single day of going on sale in November 2005. This one is from his live performance at Roundhay Park in Leeds England. Setlist:Radio Rock DJ Trippin' Monsoon Sin Sin Sin Millennium Make Me Pure Me And My Shadow Strong Back For Good Advertising Space Come UndoneShe's The OneFeel Let Me Entertain You Rudebox Angels
122320 Walking With Destiny highlights Churchill's years in the political wilderness his early opposition to Adolf Hitler and Nazism and his support for Jews under threat by the Nazi regime. As historian John Lukacs explains Churchill may not have won the War in 1940 but without him the War most certainly would have been lost. Sir Martin Gilbert historical consultant for the film and Churchill's official biographer adds that had Churchill's warnings about Nazi Germany's racial policies towards Jews been heeded in the early 1930's the Holocaust may never have occurred. The film examines why Winston Churchill's legacy continues to be relevant in the 21st Century and explores why his leadership remains inspirational to current day political leaders and diplomats.
122597 Les D'Arcy is a living legend. At 89 years old he's obviously not received the memo about slowing down and is going for gold literally. He's headed to China to compete in the over 80s Table Tennis Championships in Inner Mongolia. A seven time world champion he still lifts weights to train - something he's been doing for decades after surviving a sickly childhood. Of course compared to some Les is a spring chicken. Australian legend Dorothy deLow is 100 and finds herself a mega celebrity in this rarefied world. She'd better watch out though- Texan Lisa Modlich is fifteen years her junior and is determined to do what it takes to win her first gold. Director Hugh Hartford follows eight players from five countries as they prepare to compete in this extraordinary sporting event that is as much about the tenacity of the human spirit as it is about taking home the title.
122907 Royal Rumble (2001) was the fourteenth annual Royal Rumble PPV. It was presented by MCI's 1-800-COLLECT and took place on January 21 2001 at the New Orleans Arena in New Orleans Louisiana.  The main event was the Royal Rumble match. Kane set a record for the most eliminations and the match saw Drew Carey enter the Royal Rumble. Featured matches on the undercard included a ladder match between Chris Jericho and Chris Benoit for the WWF Intercontinental Championship and a singles match between Kurt Angle and Triple H for the WWF Championship.
122912 Royal Rumble (2002) was the fifteenth annual Royal Rumble PPV. It was presented by Square's Final Fantasy X. It took place on January 20 2002 at the Philips Arena in Atlanta Georgia.  The main event was the Royal Rumble match. The other matches were Chris Jericho versus The Rock for the Undisputed WWF Championship Ric Flair versus Vince McMahon in a Street Fight Edge versus William Regal for the WWF Intercontinental Championship the team of Spike Dudley and Tazz versus the Dudley Boyz for the WWF Tag Team Championship and Trish Stratus versus Jazz for the WWF Women's Championship.
122935 Royal Rumble (2007) was the twentieth annual Royal Rumble PPV. It took place on January 28 2007 at the AT&amp;T Center in San Antonio Texas and featured talent from the Raw SmackDown! and ECW brands.  The main event was the annual 30-man Royal Rumble match which featured wrestlers from all three brands. The primary match on the Raw brand was a Last Man Standing match for the WWE Championship between John Cena and Umaga. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was Batista versus Mr. Kennedy for the World Heavyweight Championship. The featured match on the ECW brand was between Bobby Lashley and Test for the ECW World Championship.
"122963 Royal Rumble (2008) was the twenty-first annual Royal Rumble PPV. It took place on January 27 2008 at Madison Square Garden in New York New York and featured talent from the Raw SmackDown and ECW brands. The event was also the first WWE pay-per-view broadcast in high definition. As has been customary since 1993 the Royal Rumble match winner received a match at that year's WrestleMania.  The main event was the annual 30-man Royal Rumble match which featured wrestlers from all three brands. The primary match on the Raw brand was Randy Orton versus Jeff Hardy for the WWE Championship. The primary match on the SmackDown brand was Edge versus Rey Mysterio for the World Heavyweight Championship. The featured matches on the undercard were Montel Vontavious Porter versus Ric Flair in a Career Threatening match and John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield versus Chris Jericho."
122965 Royal Rumble (2010) was the twenty-third annual Royal RumblePPV. It took place on January 31 2010 at the Philips Arena in Atlanta Georgia. As has been customary since 1993 the Royal Rumble match winner received a match at that year's WrestleMania for his choice at either the WWE Championship the World Heavyweight Championship or the ECW Championship. The main event was the annual 30-competitor Royal Rumble match which featured wrestlers from all three brands. The primary match on the Raw brand was for the WWE Championship between champion Sheamus and Randy Orton. The primary match on the SmackDown brand was between The Undertaker and Rey Mysterio for the World Heavyweight Championship. The featured match on the ECW brand was between Christian and Ezekiel Jackson for the ECW championship.
123431 Evolution as an artist is often times what separates legends from the more mundane. After being heavily influenced by his experience in Jamaica – and his subsequent name change from Snoop Dogg to Snoop Lion – the LBC showman prepares his latest reggae-infused album Reincarnated. As part of the process VICE followed Snoop to the island nation as he recorded various songs with backing from Diplo Ariel Reichtshaid and Dre Skull of Major Lazer. Having grown tired of what rap provided him the documentary reveals the rebirth and inspiration for his latest project.
123581 “McConkey” a 90-minute documentary to be released in 2013 is a heartfelt examination of the legacy one athlete left to the progression of his sports and the path he paved to conquer his dreams. Shane McConkey is revered as the pioneer of freeskiing and ski base jumping and through his talent and unique outlook on life he inspired countless lives. In a new film from Red Bull Media House in association with Matchstick Productions “McConkey” celebrates the life of one of the world’s ultimate innovators
124066 Shin Dong-Huyk was born on November 19 1983 as a political prisoner in a North Korean re-education camp. He was a child of two prisoners who had been married by order of the wardens. He spent his entire childhood and youth in Camp 14 in fact a death camp. He was forced to labor since he was six years old and suffered from hunger beatings and torture always at the mercy of the wardens. He knew nothing about the world outside the barbed-wire fences. At the age of 23 with the help of an older prisoner he managed to escape. For months he traveled through North Korea and China and finally to South Korea where he encountered a world completely strange to him.
124067 In 1989 five black and Latino teenagers from Harlem were arrested and later convicted of raping a white woman in New York City's Central Park. They spent between 6 and 13 years in prison before a serial rapist confessed that he alone had committed the crime leading to their convictions being overturned. Set against a backdrop of a decaying city beset by violence and racial tension this is the story of that horrific crime the rush to judgment by the police a media clamoring for sensational stories and an outraged public and the five lives upended by this miscarriage of justice.
124069 Far Out Isn't Far Enough: The Tomi Ungerer Story depicts one man's wild lifelong adventure of testing societal boundaries through his use of subversive art. This 98-minute film combines traditional documentary storytelling with original animation from over 70 years worth of art from the renegade children's book author and illustrator. Using a historical palette of 20th century events to paint an artist's epic yet controversial life story this HD documentary film offers a feature-length retrospective of Ungerer's life and art pondering the complexities and contradictions of a man who armed with an acerbic wit an accusing finger and a razor sharp pencil gave visual representation to the revolutionary voices during one of the most tantalizing and dramatic periods in American history. Far Out Isn't Far Enough explores the circumstances of his meteoric rise and fall on American soil...
124158 An intimate portrait of Paul Kelly Australia's foremost singer-songwriter. In a career spanning more than thirty years he has documented the history of our country described its landscapes and cities and captured the lives and loves of its citizens. Kelly has written over 350 songs penned lyrics for many other singers co-authored songs and written for film. But like all great artists Paul Kelly is both candid and reserved. He has lived in the public eye but has remained an enigma.
124601 For Kathleen Christmas has always been an unwelcome reminder of her father’s abandonment almost 30 years ago. Although she has tried to forget her past it has not forgotten her. In the days leading up to Christmas un unforgiving blizzard traps her in her own home with two unlikely roommates.  Same a gentle older man Kathleen took in for the night and Lucy the daughter of her soon to be fiancé bring her face to face with the hurts of her past.  Will she be able to let go and grab hold of a life-changing forgiveness or will she continue to be haunted by the pain of the past?
124832 Destination X (2012) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion which took place on July 8 2012 at the Impact Wrestling Zone in Orlando Florida.  It was the eighth show under the Destination X chronology and seventh event in the 2012 TNA PPV schedule. Unlike last year the event was held inside of a four-sided ring as opposed to a six-sided ring.  The main event featured at the Destination X was Austin Aries defeating Bobby Roode for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship. Other high profile matches included A.J Styles defeating Christopher Daniels in a Last Man Standing match and Samoa Joe defeating Kurt Angle in a Bound for Glory Series match. The remainder of the show hosted an X Division Tournament to determine a new TNA X Division Champion.
125034 On September 11 2001 Cantor Fitzgerald became famous for the worst of all possible reasons. 658 of their employees were missing presumed dead in the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center. Though Cantor suffered almost twice the casualties of the FDNY their story was soon pushed aside as the media ambushed Cantor CEO Howard Lutnick who went from face-of-the-tragedy to pariah within weeks. A true stranger-than-fiction account unfolding over months and years the film captures being caught in the crosshairs of history.
125360 A New Jersey housewife is dissatisfied with her everyday life because she is smarter than she or anyone else knows. While taking a computer class Julie discovers her abilities and finds the courage to make dramatic life changes. This is a story of realizing one's potential and being willing to turn one's life upside down to take a chance on finding happiness. Claire Julie's best friend goes along with Julie's secret quest and eventually moves in with her. Both women are on a search to realize their dreams and come to terms with their love for each other.
125496 Hardcore Justice (2012) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion which took place on August 12 2012 at the Impact Wrestling Zone in Orlando Florida. It was the eighth event under the Hardcore Justice chronology.  Austin Aries (c) vs. Bobby Roode Last Chance Match for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship.  A.J. Styles vs. Christopher Daniels vs. Samoa Joe vs. Kurt Angle Ladder match for 20 points in the Bound for Glory Series standings  James Storm vs. Bully Ray vs. Jeff Hardy vs. Robbie E  D'Angelo Dinero vs. Magnus vs. Mr. Anderson vs. Rob Van Dam  Chavo Guerrero and Hernandez vs. Gunner and Kid Kash  Miss Tessmacher (c) vs. Madison Rayne  Zema Ion (c) vs. Kenny King
"125709 Around 1940 New Yorker staff writer Joe Mitchell meets Joe Gould a Greenwich Village character who cadges meals drinks and contributions to the Joe Gould Fund and who is writing a voluminous Oral History of the World a record of 20000 conversations he's overheard. Mitchell is fascinated with this Harvard grad and writes a 1942 piece about him ""Professor Seagull"" bringing Gould some celebrity and an invitation to join the Greenwich Village Ravens a poetry club he's often crashed. Gould's touchy querulous personality and his frequent dropping in on Mitchell for hours of chat lead to a breakup but the two Joes stay in touch until Gould's death and Mitchell's unveiling of the secret."
125720 Suits on the Loose is the story of two rebellious teens Justin and Ty and their breakout from a desert survival camp. When two naive Mormon missionaries Elder Talbot and Elder Johnson run into a restroom at a remote rest stop Justin steals their car. Scrapping their military fatigues for the conservative missionaries' tags in hopes of passing through any road blocks their guise is so good that the police insist upon escorting the escapees directly to New Harmony the town that's been anxiously awaiting their Mormon missionaries. As the two renegades find themselves embraced by the town's hospitality they try to map out their escape. With Elder Talbot and Elder Johnson destined to arrive what will happen when the town of New Harmony discovers that their missionaries are actually on the lam from the law? Can they keep up the charade and fool everyone around them or will they be found out? Written by HaleStorm Entertainment
126143 Of Two Minds explores the extraordinary lives struggles and successes of three unique and compelling people living with bipolar disorder in America today. Through a combination of intimate verité and revealing interviews we experience what it feels like to be bipolar - from exquisite feelings of grandiosity and sensuality to the depths of despair and depression. A journey from the painful to the painfully funny Of Two Minds puts a human face on the illness opening an engaging harrowing and perception-changing view on those all around us who live in bipolar's shadows...our sisters and brothers parents and friends and ourselves.
126337 Samantha Crawford is living a storybook life: she’s happily married she lives on a ranch where she keeps her beloved horse and the stories she’s told and illustrated since childhood have become published books. When her husband Billy is killed in a senseless act of violence Sam loses her faith and her will to live. But a death-defying encounter with two children leads to a reunion with Joe her oldest friend. As Sam watches “Papa” Joe care for and love the kids in his under-resourced neighborhood she begins to realize that no matter life’s circumstances the love of God is always reaching out to us.
126424 Set in the 1950s it follows the progress of twenty year old Jenny Bunn as she moves from her family home in the North of England to a London suburb to teach primary school children. Jenny is a traditional Northern working-class girl whose striking good looks are in sharp contrast to her prosaic upbringing and to her strong belief that a girl should preserve her virginity until her wedding night. Because of her attractiveness Jenny's views on virginity and marriage cause conflicts. The film centres on the (increasingly desperate and cruel) attempts of Patrick Standish a 30 year old schoolmaster at the local grammar school to seduce Jenny against a backdrop of his skirmishes with his school authorities and with the shabby suburban middle class milieu in which the film is set.
126610 Looping chugging and barreling by the trains in Benning's latest monumental film map a stunning topography and a history of American development. RR comes three decades after Benning and Bette Gordon made The United States of America (1975) a cinematic journey along the country’s interstates that is keenly aware “of superhighways and railroad tracks as American public symbols.” A political essay responding to the economic histories of trains as instruments in a culture of hyper-consumption RR articulates its concern most explicitly when Eisenhower's military-industrial complex speech is heard as a mile long coal train passes through eastern Wyoming. Benning spent two and a half years collecting two hundred and sixteen shots of trains forty-three of which appear in RR. The locomotives' varying colors speeds vectors and reverberations are charged with visual thrills romance and a nostalgia heightened by Benning's declaration that this will be his last work in 16mm film.
"126778 We Are Scissor Sisters... And So Are You is the first DVD by the Scissor Sisters released on November 29 2004. It contains a full live concert filmed at Brighton Dome in August 2004 featuring backstage footage and extras. It includes the documentary ""Return To Oz"" (directed by Julien Temple) which tells the story of the Scissor Sisters. There is also a separate 10 minute skit directed by Andy Soup which has the band dressed up as characters from The Wizard of Oz which also includes ""terribly bad acting"" as mentioned on their official website."
"126786 When Eric and Marsha break off their long-term relationship journalist Eric is able to weather it pretty well. He still has his long time canine companion Gabe and his boss Ms Andrews wants to send him to London to open an office. But first Ms Andrews says Eric must find out the true identity of the best-selling author R L Dutton. A bigger obstacle for Eric's trip however comes from his dog. Gabe does not want to face six months in quarantine with big pit bulls and mastiffs waiting for an OK to the UK. Getting ideas from a pretty TV host Gabe acts as Cupid Dog doing his best to bring Eric and their neighbor Sara together. Gabe's plan works only to go up in smoke when Eric realizes Sara is the mysterious author. Now Sara thinks Eric was just using her for a story before leaving for London. Gabe the Cupid Dog must go to new lengths to get Sara and Eric to tie the ""leash."""
126839 The Perfect Storm engulfs Los Angeles on the historic 25th Anniversary of SummerSlam. The wrecking ball force of Brock Lesnar meets the blind rage of a vengeful Triple H as two larger-than life gladiators collide for the first-time ever! Plus CM Punk seeks validation for his status atop the WWE in a Triple Threat title defense against the Big Show and long-time rival John Cena. And after being injured at the hands of Alberto Del Rio a determined Sheamus puts his World Heavyweight Championship on the line against the ruthless “Man of Destiny”. A violent whirling of storm clouds approaches the Staples Center for WWE SummerSlam!
126864 Australia’s El Dorado was found by Lewis Harold Bell Lasseter – if we believe his claims in the late 1800s to have discovered a vast gold deposit in central Australia. This mysterious place has never again been found and many believe it doesn’t exist. But one thing is certain: Lasseter was a larger-than-life character.  Seen by some as an eccentric conman he was ridiculed for his extravagant assertions which he held until his tragic end. But Lasseter remains the embodiment of the Australian folk hero who lived a life full of incredible adventures tall tales and outrageous claims – including a possible faked death and his insistence that he designed the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
126934 When 15-year-old Vicky Austin her sister Suzy and little brother Rob visit their grandfather on Seven Bay Island Vicky faces several unexpected challenges. Her beloved grandfather retired Reverend Eaton seems to be seriously ill but tries to pretend that nothing is wrong. Vicky met the rich but emotionally troubled Zachary Gray the previous summer and he reappears to renew the acquaintance. Another boy 17-year-old Adam Eddington recruits Vicky to help him with a research project working with a dolphin called Basil. Vicky discovers she can communicate telepathically with the dolphin and his mate - and possibly with Adam as well
"127031 1. Locked Within The Crystal Ball 2. Gilded Cage 3. The Circle 4. Journeyman 5. World Of Stone 6. The Peasant's Promise 7. Toast To Tomorrow 8. Fires At Midnight 9. Barbara Allen 10. Darkness 11. Dance Of The Darkness 12. Dandelion Wine 13. All The Fun Of The Fayre 14. First Of May  When Blackmore’s Night rolled in to York England on 30 September 2011 the heat scorched the medieval streets and the sunlight bathed the old city walls. Inside the Grand Opera House Ritchie Blackmore Candice Night and their band of minstrels were generating their own heat as they took their devoted audience on a musical journey through the ages with songs from their two new albums Secret Voyage and Autumn Sky such as ""Locked Within The Crystal Ball"" ""Darkness"" plus a new interpretation of ""First Of May"" – a rarely played ballad originally performed by the Bee Gees and an additional smattering of songs from earlier albums most notably the classic ""Fires At Midnight."""
127242 A struggling indebted business man leaves his family immediately after Christmas to pursue a lucrative property deal that could solve all of his problems: buying foreclosed properties from banks at a fraction of their value refitting them for a minimum cost and then selling them for a large profit. He hires a local chauffeur for 24 hours to drive him around the mountainous area but as night sets in and the weather worsens the car is trapped on an icy road and the men face an uncertain fate.
127369 Working at the limits of what can easily be expressed filmmaker Peter Mettler takes on the elusive subject of time and once again turns his camera to filming the unfilmable.  From the particle accelerator in Switzerland where scientists seek to probe regions of time we cannot see to lava flows in Hawaii which have overwhelmed all but one home on the south side of Big Island; from the disintegration of inner-city Detroit to a Hindu funeral rite near the place of Buddha's enlightenment Mettler explores our perception of time. He dares to dream the movie of the future while also immersing us in the wonder of the everyday.  THE END OF TIME at once personal rigorous and visionary Peter Mettler has crafted a film as compelling and magnificent as its subject.
127413 1-900-TONIGHT (Somewhere Tonight) is an urban fable that tells the story of two lonely New Yorkers trying to find companionship over an adult chat phone line. John Turturro plays Wooly a simple curiously odd bike messenger hoping to hear a bit of 'spicy' talk from Patti (Katherine Borowitz) an agoraphobic shut-in. Although each is not what the other hopes they will be together they prove that wisps of enchantment can be found in even the most overlooked of hearts. And that hope takes on many unexpected shades. Inspired by slain Dutch filmmaker Theo Van Gogh's 06. Written by Michael Di Jiacomo
"127726 Candice DeLong is Clarice Starling in ""Silence of the Lambs"" Samantha Waters on ""Profiler"" and Nicole Scott on ""MISSING"" all rolled into one tough female FBI agent. Lifetime's spine-tingling Original Movie is inspired by DeLong's harrowing real-life experiences in the field. DeLong (Jean Smart) is on the verge of retiring from the FBI so that she can spend more time with her son when a serial rapist and murderer attacks one of her best friends. As a single working mom she feels torn between her child's needs and avenging her girlfriend. Things get more complicated when she has to work the case with her married lover (played by A Martinez). This top cop's decisions will put her life in serious danger. Hold on it's going to be a suspenseful ride!"
127801 Single divorced lawyer Jess Gradwell returns in this sequel as she tries to raise her new three-year-old son Jake while dealing with her teenage daughter Sara's growing carnal desires with a photographer she meets while planning her high school graduation. It all comes to a head when Jess' former flame and father of Jake Alex Lofton returns never knowing he has a son out of his and Jess' lustful fling and wants to be a part of her life again despite Jess not wanting anything to do with Alex.
127850 Notoriously press and camera-shy David Geffen reveals himself for the first time in this unflinching portrait of a complex and compelling man. His far-reaching influence - as an agent and manager record industry mogul Hollywood and Broadway producer and billionaire philanthropist - has helped shape American popular culture for the past four decades. This documentary offers a rare insight into the world of the man responsible for launching the early successes of Joni Mitchell Tom Cruise and Guns N’ Roses; co-founded DreamWorks; produced Cats and Dreamgirls;  and is one of the largest contributors to the fight against AIDS. (SBS AU)  Geffen narrates his unorthodox rise from working class Brooklyn boy to billionaire entertainment power broker in extensive interviews.  American Masters explores the highs and the lows in Geffen’s professional and personal life through more than 50 new interviews with his friends colleagues and clients as well as other media luminaries. (PBS)
"127862 This is a film about a troubled teen Sean Randall who is falsely accused of planning a Columbine shooting scenario. It all begins when an unlikely bond forms between Sean (Connor Jessup) and a preppy teenage girl named Deanna Roy (Alexia Fast). Deanna's boyfriend is deeply threatened by Sean and Deanna's friendship resulting in a violent confrontation. Seeking to protect himself Sean issues a death threat online - and is swiftly arrested. When the police raid Sean's home they find rifles shotguns knives and ammunition - all property of Sean's father Ricky (Michael Buie) an avid hunter. They also find a supposed ""hit list"" with twenty names of people who have tormented Sean. The authorities and the media proclaim another Columbine has been narrowly averted and soon Sean faces a terrifying imprisonment in a youth detention facility. Sean's only hope is to overcome his dark image and prove his innocence to Deanna and to his community."
128110 The lives of four twenty-somethings collide one fateful New Year's Eve in this twisty blackly comic crime thriller set amidst the ancient walls of Derry Northern Ireland in a night of fast talk accidents and intrigue.  Johnny a small-time crook and Marie a dissatisfied shop assistant are both looking for a fresh start. Greta is on the verge of taking her own life and Pearse has a bounty on his head for asking difficult questions about his missing brother Eddie Kelly.  As the clock ticks down to midnight and the night's events expertly fall into place Jump weaves an existential portrait of the characters' lives as their hopes fears and secrets are revealed
128201 Revolution is a new movie from internationally-acclaimed filmmaker Rob Stewart. A follow-up to his award-winning documentary Sharkwater this continues his remarkable journey of discovery to find out that what he thought was a shark problem is actually a people problem.  As Stewart's battle to save sharks escalates he uncovers grave dangers threatening not just sharks but humanity. In an effort to uncover the truth and find the secret to saving our own species Stewart embarks on a life-threatening adventure through 15 countries over four years in the making.  In the past four years the backdrop of ocean issues has changed completely. Saving sharks will be a pointless endeavor if we are losing everything else in the ocean not just sharks. Burning fossil fuels is releasing carbon dioxide into the atmosphere; changing the oceans changing atmospheric chemistry and altering our climate.
128299 History Channel Presents Gods and Goddesses review For countless generations before Biblical times tales of gods and goddesses were passsed down by storytellers and interwoven into traditions and philosophies. History Channel Presents Gods and Goddesses DVD Join The History Channel for this fascinating journey to discover the truth behind these compelling mythological tales. History Channel Presents Gods and Goddesses movie  This History Channel program delves deep into the stories of the Greek Olympian pantheon. History Channel Presents Gods and Goddesses video In addition to thoroughly exploring the myths and traditions GODS AND GODDESSES visits archeological sites interviews experts and speculates on the relevancy and continually changing perspective on the Greek myths.
128494 GOODNIGHT WE LOVE YOU is a film that chronicles the final stand-up comedy performance of a true living legend - the first female stand-up comic in history: Phyllis Diller.  In 2002 Phyllis Diller announced that she would be hanging up her wigs and sequins after 47 years on the road. This film captures a never-before-seen intimate look at a trailblazer for both women and comedy. Miss Diller provides unprecedented access to her preparations for her final performance at the Suncoast Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas Nevada.  This is a revealing and personal study of the art of stand-up comedy as told by an icon and a true comedic genius.
128508 3 August Cagliari: a poor neighborhood. At three in the morning eleven-year-old Cate is woken by the screams of her eccentric neighbor. Cate wants to run away from that apartment from her numerous and problematic siblings and her tyrannical father. Only Gigi a neighbor is worthy of her love. She does not want to end up like her sister Mandarina who got pregnant at thirteen. Or like Samantha the neighborhood sex siren. And today on 3 August Gigi’s life is in danger: Tonio Cate’s brother wants to kill him. Cate warns Luna her best friend. The two of them spend the longest day of their lives between the city the sea and a thousand adventures. But her beloved Gigi is in danger. And when everything seems lost during the night a beautiful woman appears out of nowhere: the mysterious Aleni a witch who apparently can see into people’s futures...
128558 In 1432 a stunning apparition of the Virgin Mary appeared in the sleepy town of Caravaggio becoming the inspiration for the gruesome yet extraordinary paintings of the artist Michelangelo Merisi (better known as Caravaggio). Now in modern day 2011 three women travel to Caravaggio -- Lisa an aspiring art student Claudia a sexy Italian translator and May a young woman about to enter the nunnery. Their world turns upside down when the apparition reappears and poor May becomes plagued by premonitions of shocking murders. Who will survive the terror of the supernatural as murders based on the paintings come true and the three women must discover an obscure secret to unlock a shocking destiny...
"128571 Gatling Pictures' ""Cure for Pain: The Mark Sandman Story"" examines the life and work of Mark Sandman deceased frontman of Boston ""low rock"" band Morphine. From his Newton Mass. roots to his travels across America and around the globe Sandman left an indelible imprint as one of the most distinctive musicians of his generation. Along with revisiting the ""unique and sultry sound"" of his music the film explores the meaning of family through this critically praised and personally conflicted singer songwriter and innovative instrumentalist."
129234 The club completed an historic double lifting The FA Cup and becoming newly crowned champions of Europe lifting the coveted Champions League trophy following years of heartbreak after beating four times winners Bayern Munich at their home ground in one of the most exciting Finals in recent times. A season that promised so much with the appointment of new manager André Villas-Boas looked to be heading towards disappointment as Chelsea's league and European form faltered. However under Chelsea old boy and club legend Roberto Di Matteo installed as interim first team coach the incredible spirit of the club shone through with Chelsea putting together two sensational cup runs which will stay with their fans forever. Every match and every goal from this unforgettable season are covered in this action-packed review.
129396 Set over Halloween weekend of 1987 My Brothers is the story of three young brothers' epic quest to replace their dying father's watch. Noel 17 serious weighed down by responsibility; Paudie: 11 cocky not so bright and dreams of playing in goals for Liverpool and Scwally: 7 naive and obsessed with Star Wars (despite never actually having seen the films). Using a battered bread van the brothers embark on a journey across the wild Irish landscape on the Halloween weekend grinding gears and screaming at each other to get to an arcade machine in Ballybunion. Along the way they are detoured by escalating brotherly battles in an off-beat and moving journey that can only lead them home.
129426 Ten years later the events of September 11 2001 still resonate - especially for the people who were in critical leadership positions on that fateful day. Hear intimate accounts from New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and the chiefs of the NYPD and FDNY Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld Vice President Dick Cheney and many others who found themselves at the center of the action. Unprecedented decisions. Unimaginable tragedy. This is the definitive story from 6 am to midnight of a day that changed the world.
129595 Reeling with grief in the wake of a tragic automobile accident retired veteran cyclist Chris Carmik is given an opportunity he doesn't want to train a rookie cycling prodigy. Preoccupied with battling his own inner demons Chris reluctantly acclimates the prodigy named Jake to the fast paced world of Bicycle Racing.  Using cutting edge technology and scientific training methods Chris transforms Jake into a top contending cyclist; however he struggles to teach Jake the most important lesson prominent in all champions finding the true POTENTIAL INSIDE.
130114 Supertramp’s “Breakfast In America” was the biggest selling album in the world in 1979. It spawned several hit singles and went on to win two Grammy Awards and sell in excess of 20 million copies. Following the album’s release Supertramp embarked on a 10 month world tour which arrived in Paris at the end of November. This show from the Pavillon de Paris was both filmed and recorded. The audio went on to form the basis of the 1980 live album “Paris” but the film was never released. Now for the first time transferred and restored to full HD from the original 16mm film this footage is available to Supertramp’s legion of fans worldwide. The sound has been remixed by original sound engineer and co-producer Pete Henderson from the original multi-tracks and can now be heard in 5.1. This is a legendary show by a legendary band performing at their absolute peak and is a must for any Supertramp fan.
"130264 It is the word ""horde"" that had meant for many countries and nations bloody raids and being under humilating contribution for centuries - a strange and scary world with its own rules and customs. To be or not to be for Rus (Ruthenia) that is the price of the one-man mission as he is departing to this world to accomplish a feat. The film tells the story of how Saint Alexius the Metropolitan of Moscow and Wonderworker of All Russia healed the Tatar Queen Taidula Jani-Beg's mother from blindness in 1357."
130476 Metallica at Nürburgring Nürburg Germany on June 7 2008 (Rock Am Ring Festival). Setlist: 01. Creeping Death / 02. For Whom the Bell Tolls / 03. Ride the Lightning / 04. Harvester of Sorrow / 05. Bleeding Me / 06. No Remorse / 07. Devil's Dance / 08. ...And Justice for All / 09. Fade to Black / 10. Master of Puppets / 11. Whiplash / 12. Nothing Else Matters / 13. Sad but True / 14. One / 15. Enter Sandman / 16. Die Die My Darling (Misfits cover) (preceded by Princess of the Night/Motorcycle Man jam) / 17. Motorbreath / 18. Seek & Destroy
130737 Mwas a young aspiring actor from upcountry Kenya dreams of becoming an accomplished actor one day and in pursuit of this he makes his way to Nairobi the city of opportunity. He quickly understands why Nairobi is nicknamed Nairrobery as he is bereaved of all his money and belongings and left alone in a city where he doesn’t know a soul. Luck or the lack of it brings Mwas face to face with the city’s criminals and forms a friendship with a small time crook who takes him in. He is quickly drawn into a world of crime as he struggles to pursue his dream of becoming an actor. Keeping the two worlds separate proves to be a challenge for Mwas as he steps into this unknown world called Nairobi.
"131267 No Surrender (2012) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) that took place on September 9 2012 at the Impact Wrestling Zone in Orlando Florida. It was the eighth annual No Surrender under its chronology. The event hosted the culmination of the Bound for Glory Series which would determine the number one contender for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship at Bound for Glory.  Austin Aries vs. The ""Arm Breaker"" of the Aces &amp; 8s  |  The World Tag Team Champions of the World (Christopher Daniels and Kazarian) (c) vs. A.J. Styles and Kurt Angle  |  Zema Ion (c) vs. Sonjay Dutt  |  Miss Tessmacher (c) vs. Tara  |  Bully Ray vs. James Storm  |  Samoa Joe vs. Jeff Hardy  |  Rob Van Dam vs. Magnus  From Wikipedia the free encyclopedia"
"131442 Senegalese pop sensation Youssou Ndour has spent the last 20 years in the spotlight as a world-renowned musician and the iconic representative ""voice of Africa."" At the height of his career Youssou became frustrated by the negative perception of his Muslim faith and composed Egypt a deeply spiritual album dedicated to a more tolerant view of Islam. The album's brave musical message was wholeheartedly embraced by Western audiences but ignited serious religious controversy in his homeland of Senegal. The film chronicles the difficult journey Youssou must undertake to assume his true calling."
131634 With the nation of Panem in a full scale war Katniss confronts President Snow in the final showdown. Teamed with a group of her closest friends – including Gale Finnick and Peeta – Katniss goes off on a mission with the unit from District 13 as they risk their lives to stage an assassination attempt on President Snow who has become increasingly obsessed with destroying her. The mortal traps enemies and moral choices that await Katniss will challenge her more than any arena she faced in The Hunger Games.
131679 In a match marked by confusion and controversy CM Punk puts his 300 day reign as WWE Champion on the line against the one man who embodies the respect he’s been challenging for – John Cena. Plus Sheamus as World Heavyweight Champion is in jeopardy as he faces Alberto Del Rio without the use of his own signature move The Brogue Kick. And allies in anger tag team partners Kane and Daniel Bryan challenge WWE Tag Team Champions Kofi Kingston and R-Truth. Plus the WWE divas champion the US champion and others will arise or to be conquered at WWE Night of Champions!
132131 Tony Smalls is a burned out lawyer looking for a new direction in life. He's forced to put his plans on hold when his sister Nia asks him to defend her fiance' a gang kingpin who is under arrest for a triple murder that he says he didn't commit. Tony feels the pressure of the case when the feds and a shadowy corporation get involved along with a private investigator who seems to be working all sides. When Nia starts an investigation of her own into the murder it not only brings her closer to the truth - it puts both herself and Tony in harm's way.
132540 Taiwan in the year 2000 only thirteen years after the lifting of Marshall Law rule and still an unruly place referred to by many as the “Wild Wild East” provides a perfect setting for The Taiwan Oyster. Masquerading as a bender road-‐movie the darkly  comic film explores deep existentialist questions as the protagonists journey deeper and deeper into the Taiwanese countryside. Darin and Simon’s quest for the perfect burial spot becomes a strange trip down Taiwan’s picturesque East Coast Highway as they encounter the unique cultures of Taiwan welcoming families violent gangsters and Nikita another lost soul who joins their odyssey. Along the way they explore the Southeast Asian ex-patriot experience their own personal demons and the universal questions that arise when one is confronted  with an untimely death.
132670 UB40 Homegrown In Holland Live review Filmed in Rotterdam at the Ahoy Theater this DVD showcases UB40 at the peak of their creativity. UB40 Homegrown In Holland Live DVD Performing for over 33000 fans over a three-night period UB40 infused their Reggae-tinged pop with electrifying stage presence. UB40 Homegrown In Holland Live movie The DVD features the band's most enduring hits and fan favorites along with exclusive bonus features including interviews track-by-track audio commentary behind-the-scenes documentary photo gallery and live bonus track.
132677 Filmed at the Wolverhampton Civic Hall in front of an adoring home crowd the show was the biggest revival story of 2009 and the first time the band had been captured in concert for 28 years. With a 30th Anniversary set packed full of energy and hits and a set of musicians on top of their game it's a memorable record of a band who defined an era. The DVD has recently been shortlisted in the best live coverage category in the 2010 UK Music Video Awards.
133441 The Summit is a 2012 documentary film about the 2008 K2 disaster directed by Nick Ryan. It combines documentary footage with dramatized recreations of the events of the 2008 K2 disaster. On the way to and from the summit eleven climbers died during a short time span creating one of the worst catastophes in climbing history. Much of the documentary footage was captured by Swedish mountaineer Fredrik Sträng. Sträng was planning to do a Documentary which was aborted due to the fact that he did not reach the summit. The footage was still valuable to help solving what really did happen since all the climbers had different stories about what happened.
133557 Director Alfred Hitchcock is revered as one of the greatest creative minds in the history of cinema. Known for his psychological thrillers Hitchcock’s leading ladies were cool beautiful and preferably blonde. One such actress was Tippi Hedren an unknown fashion model given her big break when Hitchcock’s wife saw her on a TV commercial. Brought to Universal Studios Hedren was shocked when the director at the peak of his career quickly cast her to star in his next feature 1963’s The Birds. Little did Hedren know that as ambitious and terrifying as the production would be to shoot the most daunting aspect of the film ended up coming from behind the camera.
133860 Led by Pat Metheny--virtuoso guitarist composer and producer--the eight member Pat Metheny Group perform their jazz fusion stylings live in Japan. Nominated for 23 Grammys in his career Metheny and his group continue to push the envelope of jazz leaving true believers in their wake. Tracks: Have You Heard And Then I Knew Here to Stay First Circle Scrap Metal Farmer's Trust Episode D'Azur Third Wind This Is Not America Antonia To the End of the World Minuano (Six-Eight) Stranger in Town. 110 minutes.
"133914 Live at the Aladdin Las Vegas is a 2003 direct to video film of Prince in concert at the Aladdin Theatre for the Performing Arts. The concert was recorded December 12 2002 and features several notable cover versions an unreleased song and touches on some of his rarely performed backlog of material. Special guests included former band associates Eric Leeds and Sheila E. funk legends Maceo Parker and Greg Boyer as well as Nikka Costa. The soundcheck contains an excerpt of ""The Rainbow Children"" from the album of the same name and ""Nagoya"" from C-Note."
134261 South of the Moon is the story of a young boy and his uncle one dealing with the complexity and confusion of adolescence the other with the pain and torment of regret. A pensive twelve year old swimmer is faced with a decision that will put the past on a direct collision course with the present in first-time feature filmmaker Antonio DiVerdis' wistful character-driven drama. Coleman Hawkins is teetering on the brink of adulthood. By night Coleman is haunted by a mysterious woman and by day he's infatuated with pretty classmate Alexa. Unsure of which path to walk in life promising swimmer Coleman continually seeks out the advice of his uncle Matt...
134406 Inspired by the music of singer-songwriter Wes Cunningham Sironia is the story of a talented musician who has been chewed up and spit out by the Hollywood music machine. Frustrated by his broken career Thomas Fisher and his wife Molly impulsively pack up and move to small town Sironia Texas to live a more authentic life and raise their first child near Molly's brother and his family. Despite the change of scenery Thomas's deep resentment over his lost dreams gets the best of him as he struggles to find peace with his stalled career until he remembers what he loved about music - and Molly - in the first place.
134411 Construction company owner John Matthews learns that his estranged son Jason has been arrested for drug trafficking. Facing an unjust prison sentence for a first time offender courtesy of mandatory minimum sentence laws Jason has nothing to offer for leniency in good conscience. Desperately John convinces the DEA and the opportunistic DA Joanne Keeghan to let him go undercover to help make arrests big enough to free his son in return. With the unwitting help of an ex-con employee John enters the narcotics underworld where every move could be his last in an operation that will demand all his resources wits and courage to survive.
134584 On June 27 2011 CM Punk forever altered the course of WWE history with a blistering rant proclaiming “Day in and day out for almost 6 years I have proven to everybody in the world that I am the best… on this microphone in that ring even on commentary. Nobody can touch me!”. Since riding into the scene as an extra in John Cena’s entrance at WrestleMania 22 to defending the WWE Title in main events all over the world in recent years the “Voice of the Voiceless” has backed up that statement.  Now WWE fans get an unprecedented look inside the life and career of the most controversial Superstar of this generation. The first ever documentary to focus on CM Punk traces his rise to the top of WWE from this early success on ECW his divisive perpetuating of the Straight Edge Subculture to becoming internationally revered as the best wrestler in the world.
134662 Trevor Newandyke is a struggling comedian. Not only does he bomb on stage but he bombs in everyday life. He’s fed up with all the jerks who push him around. All he wants is a break and for someone to get him. Instead of taking a breath and getting himself together or taking his anger to the stage he turns to the loud din of his headphones and the crackling glow of fire to ease his mind. He’s not only a lousy comic but a pyromaniac as well.
134710 Filmed in Mexico City and directed by long-time visual collaborator Lasse Hoile during the Grace For Drowning Tour the set is a superb representation of the spectacular live experience that Wilson and Hoile created for the tour. The shows submerged fans in a rich sensory experience: rear speakers provide surround-sound effects giant screens show off Lasse's films made specifically to accompany these songs and cutting-edge lighting designs giving texture to each song. Get All You Deserve captures one of the key shows from the tour. Recorded at a sold-out Teatro Metropolitan in Mexico City the gig features tracks from both Wilson's solo albums along with the new as yet unreleased track Luminol.
134909 The Unbookables is a narrative documentary about stand-up comics who have spent their careers pushing limits--on stage and off. Relegated to small venues and touring in a crappy van through the Midwest they careen between the desire to succeed and the reality that there may be nothing left to lose. Road life is far from glamorous: comics come and go and cruel pranks and hard drinking punctuate their obsidian dark comedy on stage. They succeed and fail-spectacularly. When they face being fired for going too far on stage the conflict culminates in a showdown: compromise or double down?
"135086 The Notorious B.I.G exploded onto the hip-hop scene in 1994 with the hip-hop anthem ""juicy"" after blazing remixes for Craig Mack and Mary J. Blige. His now classic debut Ready To Die the sophomore double CD Life After Death and 1999's Born Again combine for over 10 million career album sales. Biggie's magnetic persona signature flow and imaginative delivery secured Bad Boy Entertainment's place at hip hop's forefront. His tragic deathin 1997 devastated the music world and spawned numerous imitators. Enduring beyond charts and trends Christopher Wallace is irreplacable and unforgetable. With Duets: The Final Chapter his legacy as an icon of the art form and the culture lives on."
135108 Shot at a sold-out show in London's famed Brixton Academy Steel Panther brings back the '80s in full force with a blistering set of their greatest hits. This DVD also includes a hysterical behind the scenes documentary; total running time is over two hours.  The British Invasion tracklisting:  'Eyes Of A Panther'  'Eatin' Ain't Cheatin'  'Fat Girl'  Hair Solo  'Party All Day'  'Hell's On Fire'  'Stripper Girl'  Guitar Solo  'Asian Hooker'  'Turn Out The Lights'  'Girl From Oklahoma'  'We Want Pussy'  'Community Property'  'The Shocker'  'Death To All But Metal'
135321 When young Simon Robertson moves with his family to a new town he thinks the biggest peril will be the local bullies. Unfortunately Simon's new friend Meg informs him that the town has a much darker secret: a body count stretching into the hundreds- courtesy of Porkchop a deranged madman with a pig mask. When the killer resurfaces Simon and Meg will experience the most terrifying night of their lives. It's Still not safe to go back into the woods!
135465 The true story of lifelong criminal and serial killer Carl Panzram who wrote his autobiography for a jail guard in 1928. Carl Panzram was a lifelong prisoner and a hate-filled serial killer. Brutalized in and out of various U.S. state prisons during 20th century America Panzram unleashed a rampage of revenge that resulted in over 20 murders and countless acts of violent sodomy. A single act of kindness by prison guard Henry Lesser sparked a friendship that eventually influenced Panzram to write his autobiography. In 1930 Panzram was hanged for killing a laundry foreman at Leavenworth prison.
"135662 It is a story of a world where men and women carry magic in their blood and spilling it can unleash terrible power.  Where these ""Blooded"" hide in fetid slums from the Church of the Angels commanded by their divine masters to ""cleanse"" the Blood Magic.  Where choices are fraught alliances rarely safe and blood is all.  A young monk named Jered flees the Church when his own Blood Magic is released. Now he must survive the pursuit of the Church the gladiatorial pits of the Blooded underground and the hidden truths of the ancient struggle. The choices he makes will tip the balance of the war between Church and Blooded and change his world forever."
135678 Henry Harper is a successful novelist who has it all. But after surviving a recent trauma he finds himself haunted by a dream that terrifies him. Convinced that the only way to understand what the dream means is to write his way through it Henry decides to go to a remote second home to begin work on his next novel a thriller. While on his way there he encounters a strangely familiar drifter who confronts him with information that threatens to turn everything he knows to be true upside down. Written by producer
135990 Abandoned by her mother when she was a child Shell has stayed to take care of her dying father but now feels trapped within the beautiful but desolate landscape that surrounds her. With only her routine of running the decaying petrol station taking care of her father and spending afternoons in her bedroom with a local mechanic life is passing Shell by with every passing truck that rattles her walls. One day a salesman stops to re-fuel and offers Shell a taste of the outside world that takes her closer than ever to the edge of the road and her desire to escape.
136143 Sunday tells the story of an infamous day in Derry North of Ireland and how the events of that day were subsequently covered up by the British Government of the time. On Sunday 30th January 1972 a peaceful civil rights march against internment (imprisonment without trial) organised by the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association (NICRA) ended with 13 marchers shot dead and 15 wounded. It became known throughout the world as Bloody Sunday. Told primarily from the perspective of the Derry community juxtaposed with the British Army/state's preparations and reaction to the day Sunday communicates the forensic and emotional truth of what happened
136235 This electrifying film documents the efforts of Vincent Bugliosi one of our nation's foremost prosecutors as he presents his case that former president George W. Bush should be prosecuted for the deaths of American soldiers in Iraq because he deliberately took our nation to war under false pretenses. Based on Bugliosi's New York Times bestseller the movie discloses shocking hidden details of how Bush and his people systematically lied to Congress and the country. He shows incontrovertible evidence that Bush Cheney Rice et al committed a monumental crime under our constitution and the laws of this land. He leads us through a legal understanding of what is needed to bring a formal prosecution setting the stage for what would be the biggest and most important trial in U.S. history.
"136553 Bill O'Reilly Jon Stewart 2 podiums1 air-conditioned auditorium... In ""O'Reilly vs. Stewart 2012: The Rumble in the Air-Conditioned Auditorium"" O'Reilly &amp; Stewart take an entertaining and comedic approach to today's pressing political issues in an attempt to find the best direction for America. The debate which was streamed live online was recorded on Saturday October 6th 2012 at the Lisner Auditorium at The George Washington University in Washington D.C.  The proceeds from the sale of the debate go to multiple charities picked by both O'Reilly &amp; Stewart including the Fisher House Foundation Doctors Without Borders and the USO."
136785 After Fran Smith disappears one day in mysterious circumstances Fran's daughter Deanna and Fran's sister Sherrie endlessly search for her with enduring hope. The most likely suspect in Fran's disappearance is her husband John but without a body neither Deanna or Sherrie can prove that murder much less a crime has even been committed. With the support of Sherrie Deanna embarks on an eleven-year search to trace John's past eventually uncovering a 25 year-old case of a missing person that involved John's first wife who too disappeared under suspicious circumstances. Using this lead Deanna and Sherrie must use all their evidence to bring John to justice.
"136795 Uptight and straight-laced FBI Special Agent Sarah Ashburn is a methodical investigator with a reputation for excellence--and hyper-arrogance. Shannon Mullins one of Boston P.D.'s ""finest"" is foul-mouthed and has a very short fuse and uses her gut instinct and street smarts to catch the most elusive criminals. Neither has ever had a partner or a friend for that matter. When these two wildly incompatible law officers join forces to bring down a ruthless drug lord they become the last thing anyone expected: buddies."
136884 Filmed in 1993 but never completed due to River Phoenix's death Dark Blood tells the story of Boy a young widower living on a nuclear testing site in the desert. Boy is waiting for the end of the world and carves Katchina dolls that supposedly contain magical powers. Boy's solitude is interrupted when a Hollywood jet-set couple who are travelling across the desert become stranded after their car breaks down. The couple are rescued by Boy who then holds them prisoner because of his desire for the woman and his ambition to create a better world with her.
137024 Ruffian is an American made-for-television movie that tells the story of the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame Champion thoroughbred filly Ruffian who went undefeated until her death after breaking down in a nationally televised match race at Belmont Park on July 6 1975 against the Kentucky Derby winner Foolish Pleasure.  Made by ESPN Original Entertainment the film is directed by Yves Simoneau and stars Sam Shepard as Ruffian's trainer Frank Whiteley. The producers used four different geldings in the role of Ruffian. Locations for the 2007 film included Louisiana Downs in Shreveport Louisiana and Belmont Park in Elmont New York.
137132 As Hollywood biographies go Judy Garland's story is one of the saddest success stories you'll ever hear. The sanitized studio version of her life presented a smiling kid with the big voice who alongside Mickey Rooney just wanted to put on a show. But drugs overwork even psychological abuse at the hands of the studio is now part of the Garland legend. But despite the number of Garland books and documentaries one account has always been missing -- Garland herself never managed to write a memoir. She did make several attempts at an autobiography often recording stories on a tape recorder. Judy Garland: By Myself (2004) finally fills in the blanks - using Judy's personal recordings to tell the story in her own words.
"137285 This film is released as part of the ongoing 50th anniversary celebration of the Rolling Stones. It tells the story of the Stones' unparalleled journey from blues obsessed teens in the early 60s to their undisputed status as rock royalty. All of the Stones have been newly interviewed and their words form the narrative arc that links together archive footage of performances news coverage and interviews much of it previously unseen. Taking its title from a lyric in ""Jumpin' Jack Flash"" this film gives the viewer an intimate insight into exactly what it's like to be part of the Rolling Stones as they overcome denunciation drugs dissensions and death to become the definitive survivors. Over a year in the making and produced with the full cooperation and involvement of the Stones this film is and will remain the definitive story of the world's greatest rock 'n' roll band"
137310 When Bob Hart a widowed police detective trying to raise a rebellious teenage daughter inherits a Montana horse ranch he jumps at the opportunity to leave Los Angeles for the open range. Soon after arriving Bob accepts the position as county sheriff and discovers that the seemingly bucolic countryside is far from tranquil. His problems include wolves who attack his stock ruthless developers trying to take over the town and a female veterinarian with a chip on her shoulder while trying to build a new home.
"137552 The extraodinary Alicia Keys rocked the house on Friday (September 28) during her headline performance at the 28th date of the 2012 'iTunes Festival' held at The Roundhouse venue in London England!  During her over one hour long concert the 31-year-old R&B diva performed a lot of her most classic hits as well as a few new tracks; including her latest official single ""Girl On Fire"" the recently-debuted new cut ""Not Even The King"" but also AK wanted to treat her London fans with an exclusive the 'world premiere' of a brand new track off ""Girl On Fire"" (the album) the stunning ballad ""Brand New Me"""
137563 Before Bad Brains the Sex Pistols or even the Ramones there was Death. Formed in the early '70s by three teenage brothers from Detroit Death is credited as being the first black punk band and the Hackney brothers David Bobby and Dannis are now considered pioneers in their field. But it wasn’t until recently — when a dusty 1974 demo tape made its way out of Bobby’s attic nearly 30 years after Death’s heyday — that anyone outside a small group of punk enthusiasts had even heard of them.
137591 The beloved art-rock trio from southwestern England have a new album on the way. The 2nd Law continues to build on the band’s big sound and diverse styles. New tracks “Survival” and “Madness” promise an album that aims for the heights of cosmic rock ’n’ roll.  Setlist: 01 - Supremacy 0:00:00 02 - Map of the Problematique [With Who Knows Who Riff Outro] 0:05:50 03 - Panic Station [With Voodoo Child Riff Intro] 0:11:10 04 - Resistance 0:14:49 05 - Supermassive Black Hole 0:20:31 06 - Animals [With Improvisation Intro] 0:25:54 07 - Time Is Running Out [With Heartbreaker Riff Outro] 0:29:53 08 - Save Me 0:34:35 09 - Madness 0:40:09 10 - Uprising [With Extended Outro Riff] 0:45:11 11 - Follow Me 0:51:06 12 - Plug In Baby 0:54:59 13 - Knights of Cydonia [Man With A Harmonica Intro] 0:59:27 Encore: 14 - New Born [With Head Up Riff Outro] 1:11:09 15 - Starlight 1:18:33 16 - Survival 1:23:07
137845 It was to be the greatest animated film of all time. Not just an eye-opener but a game-changer. Richard Williams demanded nothing less investing nearly three decades into his movie masterpiece. From as early as 1964 he ploughed most of the profits right back into his pet project a feature inspired by the Arabian Nights and provisionally known as Mullah Nasruddin. He assembled a team of inspired young artists—and brought in the best Hollywood craftsmen to teach them—and devised what would be the most elaborate kaleidoscopic mind-boggling visual sequences ever committed to celluloid. Years passed. Potential financiers came and went. Work continued. But it was only after Roger Rabbit that Williams had a studio budget to corroborate the munificence of his imagination.
137879 The Six Wives of Henry VIII: Live at Hampton Court Palace is a live album from the English keyboardist and composer Rick Wakeman released through Eagle Records on 5 October 2009. The album is a live recording of the second of two sold-out concerts on 2 May 2009 at Hampton Court Palace in London. It documents the first live performances of Wakeman's 1973 instrumental concept album The Six Wives of Henry VIII in its entirety in celebration of the 500th anniversary of Henry VIII's accession to the throne. Wakeman performs with his band The English Rock Ensemble the Orchestra Europa and the English Chamber Choir.
138076 Video Games Live is an immersive concert event featuring music from the most popular video games of all time. Top orchestras & choirs perform along with exclusive video footage and music arrangements synchronized lighting solo performers electronic percussionists live action and unique interactive segments to create an explosive entertainment experience! Video Games Live bridges a gap for entertainment by exposing new generations of music lovers and fans to the symphonic orchestral experience while also providing a completely new and unique experience for families and/or non-gamers. It's the power & emotion of a symphony orchestra mixed with the excitement and energy of a rock concert and the technology and interactivity of a video game all completely synchronized to amazing cutting edge video screen visuals state-of-the-art lighting and special on-stage interactive segments with the audience.
138103 Barney Christmas and the rest of the team comes face-to-face with Conrad Stonebanks who years ago co-founded The Expendables with Barney. Stonebanks subsequently became a ruthless arms trader and someone who Barney was forced to kill… or so he thought. Stonebanks who eluded death once before now is making it his mission to end The Expendables -- but Barney has other plans. Barney decides that he has to fight old blood with new blood and brings in a new era of Expendables team members recruiting individuals who are younger faster and more tech-savvy. The latest mission becomes a clash of classic old-school style versus high-tech expertise in the Expendables’ most personal battle yet.
138943 After the police find Derek’s daughter brutally murdered on the beach he vows to make the culprit suffer for his actions even if that person is ‘part of the family.’  With careful research into the history of torture Derek prepares himself and his basement for a week of brutal tactics that will make his daughter’s killer feel the pain that he has inflicted upon so many others.  In a time when stranger danger is ever present a single father learns that it’s the ones you trust most who have to be watched the closest.
139026 Thunder Racers Infinite Finity Rat Warriors. Junk Comics' titles have been referred to as 'the worst printed material since Mein Kampf'. Tony Leary the nice-guy owner of Junk Comics is gearing up for one last roll of the dice. His new superhero title The Sodomizer launches at the British International Comic Show and nothing will stop Tony from making it a success. Nothing except a gang of Geordie criminals who are using a comic company to launder their dirty money. Tony is drafted by the police to identify the culprits and bring them to justice. Aided by his trusty geek sidekicks Rick and Keith Tony must defy the odds if he is to become a real life hero.
139251 Straight-laced Jordan (Martin) is about to marry Peter (Snedeker) a clean-cut ambitious attorney. Before she walks down the aisle Jordan and her best friends Claire (Adrienne Frantz) and Jessica (Daphnee Duplaix) head to Vegas for a bachelorette party because what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas right? But when Jordan wakes up the next morning unable to recall the night before she panics when she finds she’s in movie star Matt's (Ethan Erickson) hotel suite with a gigantic diamond on her finger and a marriage certificate lying nearby. Before Jordan can have the marriage annulled and put this nightmare behind her the impromptu wedding explodes into a publicity stunt fueled by Matt’s manager Eric (Bruce Nozick) to promote his latest movie. With her wedding day approaching Jordan finds herself more confused than ever when she starts falling in love with the movie star she’s married to instead of the fiancé she thought was her perfect match.
139525 Though most people knew her as Vampira a late-night creature-feature host in Los Angeles Maila Nurmi was so much more. From her relationships with James Dean and other Hollywood luminaries to her significant contributions to the eventual Goth craze Nurmi was a multifaceted woman with more than a few amazing stories to share. Having befriended Nurmi while she was still alive Greene finds himself perfectly situated to give us the complete story on this fascinating individual blending extensive interviews with remarkable found footage of Nurmi's long and varied career. Whether being groomed by a major Hollywood director or making a surprising foray into music Nurmi proves herself to be so much more than a scream queen. Still when it comes to snappy one-liners cracked at the stroke of midnight it's certainly safe to say that no one did it better than Vampira.
139820 Goltzius and the Pelican Company tells the story of Hendrik Goltzius a late 16th century Dutch printer and engraver of erotic prints. A contemporary of Rembrandt and indeed more celebrated during his life Goltzius seduces the Margrave of Alsace into paying for a printing press to make and publish illustrated books. In return he promises him an extraordinary book of pictures of illustrating the Old Testament’s biblical stories. Erotic tales of Lot and his daughters David and Bathsheba Samson and Deliah and John the Baptist and Salome. To tempt the Margrave further Goltzius and his printing company will offer to perform dramatisations of these erotic stories for his court.
139846 Tells the story of the American civil rights movement through its powerful music - the freedom songs protesters sang on picket lines in mass meetings and in jail cells as they fought for justice and equality. Features new performances of the freedom songs by top artists; archival footage; and interviews with civil rights foot soldiers and leaders. Freedom songs evolved from slave chants from the labor movement and especially from the black church. Music enabled blacks to sing words they could not say and it was crucial in helping the protesters as they faced down brutal aggression with dignity and non-violence. The infectious energy of the songs swept people up and empowered them to fight for their rights. This film celebrates the vitality of this music.
139854 This documentary explores the life of jazz singer Anita O'Day. As a child Anita had a tonsillectomy during which her uvula was accidentally removed. The surgery prevents her from singing vibrato and holding long notes but lends to her much-revered percussive style. Anita overcomes her vocal hurdle as well as many others -- including poverty heroin addiction and jail time for a drug arrest -- to become one of the most prolific and respected jazz vocalists of the 20th century. Initial release: 30 April 2007
140456 For No Good Reason a film about Ralph Steadman. Johnny Depp guides the visually stunning journey smashing narrative conventions moving seamlessly from interview to animation and in the finest Gonzo tradition questions of witness and authenticity are challenged. Steadman's art is for the first time animated including illustrations from Hunter S Thompson's Fear and Loathing in Las Vagas. Featuring Richard E Grant Terry Gilliam Bruce Robinson and with music from Slash The All American Rejects Jason Mraz Crystal Castles Ed Hardcourt and Beth Orton. A touching and at times funny film about honesty friendship and the ambition driving an artist. This is a true record of the demise of the 20th Century counterculture and hipster dream with Ralph Steadman the last of the Gonzo visionaries.
140480 The deadliest weapon on the battlefield is neither the bullet nor the gun-it's the lone sniper. Through the scopes of the world's most precise marksmen SNIPER: INSIDE THE CROSSHAIRS takes you on a journey to discover the science and psychology behind the most extreme shots in military history. Deconstruct well-known missions from Vietnam to Iraq to Afghanistan by hearing firsthand recollections from the soldiers who were there and whose fingers pulled the triggers. Finally meet Canadian sniper Rob Furlong who for the first time on American television tells the story of his history-making shot in Afghanistan-striking a Taliban fighter from 1.5 miles away. Ballistics tactics weaponry stalking--this feature-length special examines these critical components in vivid detail and uses compelling interviews cinematic reenactments CGI technology and modern-day shooting demonstrations to put you squarely inside the crosshairs.
"140595 Judy at the Palace. Sinatra at Carnegie Hall. Streisand at the Garden. Stritch on Broadway. Legendary performances come along so rarely.  Elaine Stritch At Liberty is an autobiographical one-woman show written by Elaine Stritch and John Lahr.  The show consists of spoken monologues from Stritch following her life and career interspersed with showtunes and pop standards which compliment her stories. Many of these songs had been originated by Stritch in major Broadway productions such as ""The Ladies Who Lunch"" from Company and ""Civilization"" from Angel In The Wings. Her experiences and relationship with show business are focal points but she also explores more intimate personal themes like her alcoholism and romantic relationships."
140672 Comedian Rich Hall goes in search of the real American Indian a people who have too often been stereotyped. This image portrayed through cinema and literature is not a true representation of the Native American giving Rich the opportunity to redress the balance.  With the help of Native American Dallas Goldtooth Rich explores a different idea of what the American Indian is and what life is like for them today. He not only questions the screen image of the 'savage Indian' in films such as Soldier Blue Stagecoach and A Man Called Horse but looks at the written one through literature such as The Last of the Mohicans Black Elk Speaks and Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee.
140831 PRIMO was adapted by Antony Sher from Primo Levi's monumental account of his year spent in Auschwitz IF THIS IS A MAN. When it opened in September 2004 at the National Theatre PRIMO was instantly recognised as a major theatrical event. A work of astounding dramatic power it sheds a light on one of the darkest episodes in human history. Antony Sher's towering performance is as controlled as Primo Levi s own lucid prose. Beautifully directed by Richard Wilson and presented in Hildegard Bechtler's magnificent symbolist set.
"140864 Rafi (Anne Curtis) is happily committed to her lovely partner in life Mark (Derek Ramsay). She's a bachelorette from a rich family who belongs to the ""Friday Club"" the regular get-together of her college friends. Rafi is an attention-getter because of her in and out beauty and impressive credentials. But one day a major life decision shifts everyone's impression of her. Sam (Andi Eigenmann) a rebellious carefree and happy-go-lucky woman who thinks that she can get away with her every dilemma. However her perspectives turn 180 degrees when she meets the man who unexpectedly changes her life."
141043 Four lost souls—a disgraced TV presenter a foul-mouthed teen an isolated single mother and a solipsistic muso—decide to end their lives on the same night New Year's Eve. When this disillusioned quartet of strangers meet unintentionally at the same suicide hotspot a London high-rise with the well-earned nickname Topper's Tower they mutually agree to call off their plans for six weeks forming an unconventional dysfunctional family. They become media sensations as the Topper House Four and search together for the reasons to keep on living.
141099 Jack Irish has no shortage of friends but family members are few and far between. His wife was murdered by an ex-client and his father is a fading photo on the pubs football wall of fame. So when Des Connors the last link to his dad calls to ask for help in the matter of a missing son Jack is more than happy to lend a hand. But sometimes prodigal sons go missing for a reason... As Jack begins to dig he discovers that Gary Connors was a man with something to hide and his friends are people with yet darker and even more deadly secrets.
141102 Princess Odette Prince Derek and their trusted woodland friends reunite in this all-new adventure for their first Christmas celebration together! As the kingdom prepares for a festive holiday the villainous Rothbart plots to destroy Christmas. Will the castle friends be able to stop Rothbart and save the day?  Told in beautiful CG animation for the very first time and featuring music by Anna Graceman from TV’s America’s Got Talent The Swan Princess Christmas is an enchanting musical holiday treat the whole family will enjoy!
141179 Nineteen year old Orla from Country Antrim wins 'Follow a Star' on the Irish national TV station. Her prize is a quest - to find C&amp;W star Jed Wood give him a kiss and report on her adventure on the following week's show. Ray Timmons a middle aged documentary cameraman is the only person available to document her on her quest. Together they travel to New York meet up with a jaded sound recordist Mike and set about chasing down Jed - arriving at film sets recording studios everywhere Jed is due to be. Their progress is followed by a couple of DJs on a local radio station. During the week the chase continues their relationship changes and they learn a lot about each other and bout pursuing their own dreams before they return to face the music back home. Written by Anonymous  (IMDB.com)
141274 Nate Shepherd late 40's and Jenny Sparks early 30's meet in a fancy New York eatery. Complete strangers who have had a rotten day waiting for their better halves they reveal to one another that they are going to meet new people tonight. They quickly realize they are waiting for each other. When Nate loses his girlfriend (after getting fired from his cushy job at an ad agency) and Jenny loses her boyfriend to a drug overdose Nate's girlfriend suggests that they should move in together as friends to split the rent and ease each others pain. As their friendship grows into something more their relationship becomes a loving but complicated experience.
141690 Comedian Rich Hall goes west to find out what killed off that most quintessentially American of all film genres the western.  Through films such as The Searchers The Man Who Shot Liberty Valence Little Big Man The Wild Bunch and Unforgiven Rich charts the rise and fall of America's obsession with its own creation myth - the Wild West. He explores how the image of the cowboy as a moral straight-talking heroic figure was created by Hollywood but appropriated by Washington as one president after another sought to associate themselves with this potent symbol of strength and valour.
141963 The tragicomic story of lone rebel Boddi Steingrimsson who lives in a small town in Northern Iceland. Boddi hates materialistic modern society in its entirety and on his blog-page he comically criticizes everything and everyone. Before long he has become an outlaw in his own hometown just like his viking hero Grettir. After a series of dramatic mishaps he snaps and goes riding down south to the big city on his sturdy steed Nietzsche. He's got a gun in his pocket. He's ready for the revolution.
141976 Rebecca Mrs. Claus (Tedde Moore) is worried that her exhausted workaholic husband (Mairtin O’Carrigan) has lost his holiday spirit. She believes she can help him recapture his bliss and secretly heads to the one place she knows the spirit of Christmas must still exist: New York City where she first fell in love with Nick.  In a crowded New York diner Rebecca befriends Joe (Greg Bryk) a caring cop who is worried about this kindly grandmother who’s alone and low on funds. Joe reveals he and his wife Lucy (Tricia Helfer) are in the middle of a divorce. Sensing that Joe is still very much in love with his wife Rebecca agrees to work temporarily as the family’s nanny until Christmas.  To Rebecca’s delight by healing Joe and Lucy’s family she shows Santa that Christmas miracles are still possible and his job’s more important than ever!
142308 An all-new Disney holiday classic is born - Santa Paws 2: The Santa Pups. Starring a brand-new litter of the cutest talking pups ever - Hope Jingle Charity and Noble - it's perfect for the whole family. When Mrs. Claus travels to Pineville the playful Santa Pups stow away on her sled. Taking mischief to a whole new level they begin granting joyful wishes to Pineville's boys and girls but something goes terribly wrong - the Christmas spirit begins to disappear. Now the Santa Pups and Mrs. Claus must race to save Christmas around the world. From the creators of Disney Buddies this magical heartwarming tale is brimming with hope cheer and Christmas spirit.
142916 The Mississippi River Flood of 1927 was the most destructive river flood in American history. In the spring of 1927 the river broke out of its banks in 145 places and inundated 27000 square miles to a depth of up to 30 feet. Part of it enduring legacy was the mass exodus of displaced sharecroppers. Musically the Great Migration of rural southern blacks to Northern cities saw the Delta Blues electrified and reinterpreted as the Chicago Blues Rhythm and Blues and Rock and Roll. Using minimal text and no spoken dialog filmmaker Bill Morrison and composer - guitarist Bill Frisell have created a powerful portrait of a seminal moment in American history through a collection of silent images matched to a searing original soundtrack.
143003 No Way Out (2006) was the eighth annual No Way Out professional PPV and was presented by Subway. It took place on February 19 2006 at 1st Mariner Arena in Baltimore Maryland and was a SmackDown! brand-exclusive event. The main event saw Kurt Angle defend his World Heavyweight Championship against The Undertaker. One of the predominant matches on the card was Randy Orton versus Rey Mysterio for Mysterio's world championship match at WrestleMania 22. Another primary match on the undercard was Booker T versus Chris Benoit for the WWE United States Championship.
143214 In 2001 bassist Jonas Hellborg and guitarist Shawn Lane expanded their touring group to include percussionist V. Selvaganesh and his two brothers Umashankar (percussion) and Umamahesh (vocals) who stem from one of the most prominent musical families of southern India. Their father Vikku Vinayakram was a member of John McLaughlin's pioneering '70s world music group Shakti. The first concert on the European tour of 2001 was at the legendary jazz club New Morning in Paris France. It was filmed for a documentary on Hellborg made by Daniel Fahri for the European TV channel ARTE. This DVD presents two hours of music (both sets of the concert). It's a great memento documenting the unique talent of the late guitar master Shawn Lane.
143295 What About Dick? begins with the birth of a sex toy invented in Shagistan in 1898 by Deepak Rushdie Obi Ben Kingsley (Eddie Izzard) and tells the story of the subsequent decline of the British Empire as seen through the eyes of a Piano. The Piano (Eric Idle) narrates the tale of Dick (Russell Brand); his two cousins: Emma (Jane Leeves) an emotionally retarded English girl; her kleptomaniac sister Helena (Sophie Winkleman) and their dipsomaniac Aunt Maggie (Tracey Ullman) who all live together in a large rambling Edwardian novel.  When the Reverend Whoopsie (Tim Curry) discovers a piano on a beach a plot is set afoot that can be solved only by a private Dick the incomprehensible Scottish sleuth Inspector McGuffin (Billy Connolly) who with the aid of Sergeant Ken Russell (Jim Piddock) finally reveals the identity of the Houndsditch Mutilator.
143374 What can a sexless middle aged married man whose life now consists mainly of watching Scooby Doo cartoons with a four year old boy possibly find to write comedy about? Formerly stand-up s youthful iconoclast Lee now gawps blankly at News 24 as Britain burns down around him and blinks weirdly at the vast wayside retail outlets during endless journeys to and from increasingly indistinct provincial theatres. Once he lived on the pleasure planet. Now he is trapped in Carpet Remnant World
143563 This contemporary re-imagining of Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice's legendary rock musical Jesus Christ Superstar presents the story of the last seven days of Christ leading up to his crucifixion as seen through the eyes of Judas Iscariot. Filmed as an arena rock opera the performance features a star-studded line-up which includes award-winning musical comedian Tim Minchin as the role of Judas Iscariot; pop icon and former Spice Girl Melanie C as Mary Magdalene; radio DJ Chris Moyles in his stage debut as King Herod; and Ben Forster to take on the title role of Jesus.
143885 Around the world multinationals are taking advantage of carbon credits to allow them to burn their waste. Beneath the system’s environment-friendly veneer entire ecosystems are under siege human populations are in economic crisis and greenhouse gases keep spewing into the atmosphere. Three years after making MYTHS FOR PROFIT activist filmmaker Amy Miller follows up with this ambitious documentary (filmed on four continents) – a bold highly intelligent work on the dark underbelly of green business. Even while working on a grand scale she creates intimate portraits of numerous communities never forgetting that global issues always affect individual lives. An essential appeal to conscience.
143966 Brilliant software entrepreneur Paul Jacobs meets PR agent Sarah Daniels at his spoiled rotten daughter Lily's tennis club. First Sara seduces Paul to hire her firm for his then they fall in love and get married. But both Lily and Paul's business parter (and ex) Monica are secretly jealous and want Sara out. Accidents hit both his family and his firm hard but are they accidents and if not who is staging them? Secrets from Paul's Sara's and some others' past complicate things further.
144051 UFC 154: St-Pierre vs. Condit was a mixed martial arts pay-per-view event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on November 17 2012 at the Bell Centre in Montreal Quebec Canada.  The main event features 170-pound champion St-Pierre (22-2 MMA 16-2 UFC) vs. interim champ Condit (28-5 MMA 5-1 UFC) with the welterweight title going to the winner.  St-Pierre who has had a lengthy recovery from knee surgery will be fighting for the first time since an April 2011 win over Jake Shields and will have been out of competition for almost 19 months when he enters the cage. Condit on the other hand competes for the first time since earning the UFC's interim title with a February decision win over Nick Diaz
144086 From beyond the galaxy comes a terror heading toward earth destroying everything in its path: a rogue planetoid from the outer reaches of the cosmos itself. After a failed attempt by the Omega 1 to eliminate the mysterious space entity the crew of the Omega 2 blast off as the last hope for mankind. As minutes and seconds tick away the motley crew discovers the terrible secret inside the planetoid. They're the only ones keeping the human race from total extinction! Can the world be saved ?!
144124 This highly anticipated debut stand-up DVD sees triple British Comedy Award nominee Jack Whitehall at his high energy laugh-out-loud best. From dates at Nando's to lads' holidays in Magaluf British customer service etiquette to having sex at his parents' house. Jack dances from one story to another effortlessly extracting the humour from every situation.  With sell-out national tours nominations at the British Comedy Awards and the Edinburgh Comedy Awards for his stand-up much-lauded appearances on The Royal Variety Performance and Live At The Apollo and his recent acclaimed roles in Fresh Meat and the self-penned Bad Education Jack Whitehall is one of the UK's brightest comedy stars.
144244 Deception and foul play have brought CM Punk to the brink of a year long winning WWE Champion title reign. But can he survive with the odds stacked against him as he defends his coveted WWE Championship against Ryback and John Cena in a Triple Threat Match and the Celtic Warrior Sheamus looks to take back his World Heavyweight Championship from the man he lost it towards The Big Show plus Mick Foley makes his WWE return and much more.
144246 Jerusalem: Center of the World tells the epic story of the world s most incredible city capturing the rich mosaic of the city s Christian Jewish and Muslim communities. Covering a sweeping history of over 4000 years the film explores the founding of the city; the birth and convergence of the world s three major monotheistic religions; and the key events in Jerusalem s history as described in the Hebrew and Christian Bibles the Talmud the Hagaddah the Koran and the Hadith. Highlights include: Mount Moriah the site of the First and Second Temples; the Church of the Holy Sepulcher; the Dome of the Rock; and the Western Wall. Directed by Andrew Goldberg and hosted by Ray Suarez (The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer) the film includes interviews with locals top scholars and clergy.
"144255 Raymond is the family black sheep relying on handouts from his half-brother Otis. He's lost his job his apartment and all his confidence until word comes that he has inherited an English countryside property. Otis gladly purchases a one-way ticket for the new ""Lord of the Manor"". Except Raymond discovers his inheritance is no manor house but a small crumbling stone church that's the center of a scheme by the village scrooge Malcolm Slee in his frantic search for a valuable chest of gold hidden in the village by King Charles at the end of the English Civil War. Raymond initially accepts Slee's offer to purchase the church but has second thoughts when he learns from the local Bed &amp; Breakfast owner Rachel that a family with children lives on the property. As Raymond and Rachel begin to bond Raymond is singled out by a mysterious young orphan named Diggity who believes that if he helps Raymond find his way in life he will earn his wings as an angel."
"144312 Final Resolution (2012) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling that was held on December 9 2012 at the Impact Wrestling Zone in Orlando Florida. It was the ninth annual Final Resolution event.  MAIN EVENT: WORLD HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP - Bobby Roode vs. ""The Charismatic Enigma"" Jeff Hardy (c) | ONE FINAL TIME - Christopher Daniels vs. ""The Phenomenal"" AJ Styles | Bully Ray VS. Austin Aries | Aces & Eights VS. Kurt Angle Samoa Joe Garett Bischoff & Wes Brisco | WORLD TAG TEAM CHAMPIONSHIP - Matt Morgan & Joey Ryan vs. Chavo Guerrero & Hernandez (c) | X DIVISION CHAMPIONSHIP - Kenny King vs. Rob Van Dam (c) | KNOCKOUTS CHAMPIONSHIP - Mickie James vs. Tara (c)"
144318 Rhod's stand-up rants on life's minor irritations are legendary but this year he's a more mellow fellow altogether. After a course of anger management therapy he's now so laid-back he even let someone tattoo a Battenberg on him.  In this brand new show Rhod recounts the hilarious and turbulent lead-up to a make-or-break trip to New York with his on-off girlfriend. Will the new chilled-out Rhod get his girl and live happily ever after or will it be microwaved baked potato for one again? Could it be the Mr Angry of comedy as you've never seen him before?
144385 1. Acid Rain (10:43) / 2. Kindred Spirits (7:53) / 3. Biaxident (7:34) / 4. Freedom of Speech (8:54) / 5. Improv Jam #1 (8:21) / 6. Another Dimension (10:31) / 7. State of Grace (6:00) / 8. Universal Mind part 1 (3:36) / 9. Keyboard Solo (5:19) / 10. Universal Mind part 2 (3:46) / 11. When the Water Breaks (17:52) / 12. Improv Jam #2 (13:03) / 13. Rhapsody in Blue (13:34) / 14. Osmosis (5:52) / 15. Paradigm Shift (9:17)
144768 Renegade L.A. detective Sam (Williams) takes a role as a cast member in a reality TV show where he leads a quartet trying to find ten million dollars in buried cash. But Jared (Dudikoff) secretly lands his violent militia on the island in an effort to slay the cast and steal the money. And Jared is successful: Thanks to a corrupt producer the renegade mercenaries find the cache of cash and start off with it but Sam and his intrepid unarmed teammates interrupt them before they can depart. An explosion-filled chase across the island winds up with the good guys trapped by the heavily armed bad guys and it looks like the game is over for the TV show survivors. However Mother Nature in the guises of a hurricane and tidal wave has other ideas.
144978 Ten legendary Western stars are reunited in this action-packed tale of brothers at odds-one a decorated soldier and reluctant hero the other a gambler who keeps company with card sharks and corrupt women-in a small mining town torn apart by civil war. When they fall for the same woman the brothers become divided; and one man is left to face a band of ruthless killers on his own. A tribute to the great American Western Hell to Pay is a gritty and mesmerizing tale of love honor duty treachery and betrayal.
145015 Ostia outskirts of Rome: the beach in winter. Two sixteen-year-old boys steal a scooter at 8 in the morning then rob a store all in time for getting to school at 9. Nader is Egyptian but was born in Rome. Stefano is Italian and his best friend Brigitte Nader’s girlfriend is also Italian but for this very reason Nader’s parents are against the match and Nader runs away from home. The film describes a week in the life of a teenager who tries to subvert the values of his own family. Torn between his Arab and Italian identity audacious and in love like the hero of a contemporary fairy tale Nader will have to put up with the cold the loneliness life on the street hunger and fear the flight from his enemies and the loss of his friends before he can really understand who he is.
145045 Lee Nelson the legend behind BBC Three's smash-hit comedy series unleashes the full force of his hilarious stand-up live to DVD for the first time.  Filmed at London's Shepherd's Bush Empire on his sensational sell-out Lee Nelson Live tour this show is an unmissable mix of banter games and gags making it unlike any other live stand-up! Strap yourself in for almost two hours of unstoppable entertainment as Lee rips in to the crowd chats up the ladies pulls punters in to the action and raises the roof with his laugh-out-loud tales of life. All accompanied by Lee’s best mate and ‘fat legend’ Omelette.
145133 Stephen Fry Live at the Sydney Opera House will be recorded at his first performance in Australia on Tuesday 27 July. Fry will discuss travel art TV and madness with a tactful avoidance of cricket. With his usual admirable rhetorical technique sparkling wit and rich tones this perfect Englishman will entertain and enthral during his 90 minute talk. Stephen John Fry is a national treasure in his native land of England. A writer presenter social commentator satirist actor and TV personality Fry's diverse interests have seen him gain significant presence in radio TV film print online and even on PlayStation 3.
145135 From the producers of Paranormal Activity Insidious and Sinister comes Dark Skies: a supernatural thriller that follows a young family living in the suburbs. As husband and wife Daniel and Lacey Barret witness an escalating series of disturbing events involving their family their safe and peaceful home quickly unravels. When it becomes clear that the Barret family is being targeted by an unimaginably terrifying and deadly force Daniel and Lacey take matters in their own hands to solve the mystery of what is after their family.
145387 Li-ann a dreamer is a strong believer of the soul mate theory and rejects all men especially her best friend KS till she falls in love with Jeremy at first sight. They tour Chinatown Singapore together on February 29 1980. Unfortunately she is heartbroken when he tells her he is engaged. He decides to make up to her by meeting her same time same place every leap year. Their love spans twenty years as they realize the pain of love until they take the leap of faith...and the leap of love...
145689 This American Masters episode showcases the wonderful influence of Ahmet Ertegun the founder of Atlantic Records. Since the label's founding in 1947 some of the most popular Rhythm and Blues and Rock 'n' Roll artists have worked for Atlantic. Among them: first artist Ruth Brown Big Joe Turner Ray Charles Bobby Darin The Coasters Aretha Franklin The Rolling Stones Phil Collins and many more. Also covered are many of the Atlantic crew like engineer Tom Dowd producer Jerry Wexler and songwriters Mike Lieber and Jerry Stoller.
146035 Every year the Gilbert family looks forward to the annual Gilbert Cup competition. Everyone that is except Dil the youngest Gilbert sibling. He's never won the cup not once. Dil's girlfriend super-motivated and ultra-competitive Katherine is determined to change Dil's luck but can she change a 25-year losing streak? It won't be easy. The competition is beyond fierce and if there's such a thing as obsessive competitive disorder Dil's overachieving siblings Gil and Lil are certifiable. The Gilbert's go the distance in events that test their intelligence agility and sanity. The winning Gilbert gets the cup and the glory. Who will be the last Gilbert standing? Does Dil stand a chance? Let the games begin...
146318 Follows the story of the challenging relationship between Billie and her younger schizophrenic sister Elizabeth Baby. After their mother dies Billie takes responsibility by moving Baby in with her family including her husband their teenage son and young daughter. At first Baby and the family work to adjust to their new living arrangement. However after a disturbing incident involving her son and Baby it becomes clear to Billie that she and her family are not equipped to handle Baby's illness ultimately forcing her to make the difficult decision to do what's best for her sister and her family.
146419 Two writers must face a dilemma that is common to anyone who has ever had an artistic friend: what happens when you have to give feedback and the news isn't good? Sam an aspiring screenwriter and David a successful magazine editor have been pals for years. When David doesn't appreciate Sam's latest attempt it opens a fissure in their friendship one that spreads through the rest of their lives. Ultimately both men must reevaluate their motivations to write their need for praise and validation and what it means to see yourself as you actually are.
146490 There’s only one person who so accurately personifies movie magic in the history of film and that man is special effects maestro Ray Harryhausen. Focusing on the man behind the landmark effects on films like Clash Of The Titans One Million Years B.C. Jason And The Argonauts and many more this in-depth film features interviews with the great man himself and with an array of animators and directors influenced by his work including Guillermo del Toro Peter Jackson Nick Park Terry Gilliam James Cameron and Steven Spielberg. The film also features unseen footage of tests and experiments recently uncovered.
146902 After a charity show in London and a six-date tour in 1999 that was captured for an album (Live at the Greek) the Black Crowes and Jimmy Page returned in 2000 for a nationwide tour that featured a conglomeration of Led Zeppelin favorites and songs new and old from the Crowes. This pro shot DVD from a night at Jones Beach captures Page and the band delivering  a number of high-class Led Zeppelin classics among them 'Celebration Day' 'The Lemon Song' 'Heartbreaker' and 'Whole Lotta Love' as well as numbers that nobody would have expected. Tracks like 'Ten Years Gone' 'Your Time Is Gonna Come' or 'What Is And What Should Never Be' were convincingly delivered thanks to Page and the two Crowes guitarists Rich Robinson and Audley Freed who not only have the necessary technique but also the right feeling for this kind of material. Chris Robinson delivers an unbelievably powerful and dramatic vocal performance.
"146907 After meeting a 12-year-old Indonesian boy who announced ""When I grow up I want to sex-service Japanese girls"" filmmaker Amit Virmani saw the makings of a greater story. In this entertaining documentary he uncovers the phenomenon of Bali's 'Kuta Cowboys' - the bronzed beach ambassadors who've made Bali one of the world's leading destinations for holiday romance. Interviewing the Cowboys and the visiting women taking part in these fleeting dalliances Virmani presents a myth-shattering perspective on a tropical utopia showing that paradise always exists elsewhere."
147001 1. Lovers' Eyes 2. Little Lion Man 3. Below My Feet 4. Roll Away Your Stone 5. Lover Of The Light 6. Thistle & Weeds 7. Ghosts That We Knew 8. Awake My Soul 9. Whispers In The Dark 10. Dust Bowl Dance 11. I Will Wait 12. The Cave  English folk rock band captured live in performance at the Red Rocks Ampitheatre in Colorado in summer 2012. As well as footage of the concert itself the journey of the band to Red Rocks is explored from their humble origins in the West London music scene to their ability to sell out the spectacular 10000 capacity open-air amphitheatre.
147132 Bride-to-be Jessie Patterson calls off her third engagement - during the ceremony! She swears off serious relationships until she meets and is pursued by Aiden MacTiernan. Aiden on the other hand has bet his friends he is marriage material and can find a fiancé in the four weeks leading up to Christmas. When Jessie and Aiden begin to fall for each other Jessie must decide if she is ready for serious love and Aiden must decide if his bet is worth risking his relationship with Jessie.
147252 Brit Floyd takes the Pink Floyd tribute experience to a brand new level. Their upcoming global tour Pink Floyd Greatest Hits World Tour 2011 will showcase the biggest and most spectacular Floyd tribute of all time.  Two and a half hours of the absolute best of Floyd live in the sort of spectacularly ostentatious setting that all true Floyd fans will relish.  PART 1 01. Show Intro 02. Shine On You Crazy Diamond 03. Learning To Fly 04. High Hopes 05. Welcome To The Machine 06. Mother 07. Pig (Three Different Ones)  PART 2 08. Echoes 09. Time 10. The Great Gig In The Sky 11. Wish You Were Here 12. One Of These Days 13. Nobody Home 14. Us And Them 15. The Happiest Day Of Our Live 16. Another Brick In The Wall (part2) 17. Band Introductions 18. Comfortably Numb  Bonus: - Free Bird (excerpt Guitar Solo) - Won't Get Fooled Again
147261 Tomek leads a comfortable life as a TV anchor and family man when he receives a troubling message from the psychiatric hospital in his hometown: his father whom he has not seen in years has just been admitted. Against the advice of friends and family not to mention his own better judgment Tomek returns home to face the man he hardly knows. After a failed guilt-ridden attempt to sell his father’s apartment Tomek decides to make up for lost time. Kidnapping his aging father from the hospital the two embark on a vacation to the mountains in an effort to restore some semblance of a relationship.
147272 Negotiations with the Far East have failed and the unthinkable has happened: all-out nuclear war.  With civilization as we know it at an end the United States President is whisked away to safety in an underground bunker.  Along with him is a team of scientists and advisors as well as an elite fighting force of the best assassins and soldiers in the country.  This Presidential Security team is hand-selected to protect and preserve the government in this time of crisis.
147315 One of the most successful bands of all time Westlife have had 14 number one singles more than 20 top 10 hits and have sold a staggering 45 million albums during their 14 year career.  In 2012 Westlife embark on what will be their final tour together. Over a three month period The Farewell Tour travels to more than 100 venues worldwide culminating in a spectacular homecoming concert to 85000 fans at Croke Park Stadium in Dublin..  Essential for all Westlife fans this DVD captures this once in a lifetime moment recorded at their final concert at Croke Park and invites fans to join Shane Mark Kian and Nicky for an epic music event and unforgettable farewell.
147500 Omi a seven-year old East Indian boy is sent to Ottawa to live with his uncle due to his mother's illness back home. He has no father and unaware that his mother is likely to die Omi believes that he is on a mission to find a hero to take back to India to save her. Omi connects emotionally with Roland the captain of a local tour boat who in turn begins a romance with Safia Omi's fiesty teenage cousin who is assigned to take care of him.
"147580 97% owned present serious research and verifiable evidence on our economic and financial system. This is the first documentary to tackle this issue from a UK-perspective and explains the inner workings of Central Banks and the Money creation process. When money drives almost all activity on the planet it's essential that we understand it. Yet simple questions often get overlooked questions like; where does money come from? Who creates it? Who decides how it gets used? And what does this mean for the millions of ordinary people who suffer when the monetary and financial system breaks down? Produced by Queuepolitely and featuring Ben Dyson of Positive Money Josh Ryan-Collins of The New Economics Foundation Ann Pettifor the ""HBOS Whistleblower"" Paul Moore Simon Dixon of Bank to the Future and Nick Dearden from the Jubliee Debt Campaign."
147778 “Showrunners” is the first ever feature length documentary film to explore the fascinating world of US television showrunners and the creative forces aligned around them. These are the people responsible for creating writing and overseeing every element of production on one of the United State’s biggest exports – television drama and comedy series.  Often described as the most complex job in the entertainment business a showrunner is the chief writer / producer on a TV series and in most instances the show’s creator. Battling daily between art and commerce showrunners manage every aspect of a TV show’s development and production: creative financial and logistical.
"148039 There's no better time of year than Christmas especially in South Park. So stop fighting with the family gather 'round the fire and watch these classic South Park episodes. Join in as the citizens of South Park sing many of everyone's favorite holiday classics like ""Mr Hankey the Christmas Poo"" and ""Christmas Time in Hell"". See the boys bring Christmas to Iraq and learn how hard it is to be a Jew during this holiday season. Christmas is a time when we all can put aside our differences and agree on what the holidays are really about: presents!"
"148406 Two of the 21st century's most powerful social forces; Hip-Hop and geek culture collide head-on in the feature-length documentary Nerdcore For Life. Born on the Internet Nerdcore Hip-Hop is rap music made by geeks for geeks and covers such traditionally nerdy topics as comic books video games sci-fi anime and technology. Filmed over the course of two years Nerdcore For Life profiles the top names in the genre as they celebrate ""geek Life"" and their passion for hip hop to the fullest fight anti-nerd stereotypes and attempt to overcome the common obstacles that block musicians of all types from fulfilling their dreams."
148499 Whoever wanted a sex reassignment surgery in the 1950's could do so in Casablanca at French gynaecologist Georges Burou's clinic without fear of psychological examination. The French transgender singer known as Coccinelle was one of the first to use Burou’s services and many others followed. Michiel Van Erp’s film follows five women who underwent surgery during that time just before the sexual revolution and the Gay Liberation movement of the 1960's. Intimate interviews reveal their lifestyle what made them change their sex how it influenced their lives and how they cope with the unavoidable ageing.
148656 Good Witch Cassie Nightingale (Catherine Bell) is back to her bewitching ways but this time she’s also juggling a newborn daughter and her job as town Mayor. With such a busy schedule she and her husband town sheriff Jake Russell (Chris Potter) aren’t getting much sleep. Hoping for a break Cassie plans a much needed vacation with her new family. But things go awry when a crime wave sweeps through town and an investigative reporter (Geordie Johnson) tries to ruin Cassie’s image after a video of her magically disappearing turns up on the internet.  To make matters worse Cassie’s estranged foster mother (Janet-Laine Green) appears in town and Cassie’s stepdaughter (Hannah Endicott-Douglas) is suddenly accused of the recent robberies. Supported by her loyal family and friends Cassie must rely on her signature charm to put a stop to the rumors before they completely destroy the town and a Good Witch’s reputation!
148961 The American mobilization transformed cities like Mobile Waterbury and Sacramento into boom towns. Mobile thrived on its extensive shipyards that employed a lot of African-Americans but racial segregation hampers the war production effort in the U.S. resulting in ugly riots like in Mobile. But African-Americans as well as Japanese-Americans were recruited by the armed forces into combat units and sent into action though African-American units were still segregated. The American public finally gets to see the bloody sacrifice of their armed forces through pictures published in LIFE: One of these is the dead in the island of Buna. The American offensive in the Central Pacific begins with the Battle of Tarawa. The grueling and costly battles of Anzio and Monte Cassino in the Italian campaign. Eventually the Allies triumph and Gen. Mark Clark's forces take Rome.
148963 1944: On D-Day 1.5 million Allied troops embark on the invasion of France which after initial setbacks succeeded. D-Day is followed by the lengthy Battle of Normandy which ends after three months with the liberation of Paris. The Marines meanwhile fight a costly battle on the island of Saipan in the Western Pacific. These were punctuated by recollections of the participants of the designated towns. The American public through radio the press and newsreels were normally kept informed of the progress of the war. However as the war progresses the dreaded War Department casualty telegrams appear at a fast rate.
148966 Starting with the disastrous Allied assumption that the war in Europe would be over before the winter of 1944 (Hence the slang term). It covers the disastrous Operation Market Garden; the bloody invasion and battle of Peleliu; the incompetence of General Dahlquist and the rescue of the Lost Battalion by the 442nd during the horrendous Battle of Hürtgen Forest. General MacArthur returns to the Philippines much of the Japanese fleet was destroyed at the Battle of Leyte Gulf the heroism of the Japanese-American 442nd Regimental Combat Team; the thrill of the internees at the Santo Tomas internment camp in Manila in seeing American planes strafing Japanese ships in Manila Bay and the fall of Aachen the first German city to be captured by the Allies. There are the experiences of black servicemen and those of American Indians. But the reality is that the war will not end in 1944 and more ground will have to be covered and lives lost to achieve the ultimate victory.
148969 It's 1945 and The War goes into its concluding crescendo. The Germans launch a major surprise offensive in the Ardennes which becomes known as the Battle of the Bulge; the battle develops into the bloodiest of the war for the Americans. The siege of Bastogne. Combat stress reaction during the war. The Santo Tomas internment camp is liberated following the Battle of Manila. The Marines assault Iwo Jima. The controversial air war against Japanese and German cities towards the end of the war. The final invasion of Germany and Gen. Patton's attempts to rescue his son-in-law from a German prison camp behind the German lines. There are also insights into the role of medics in combat pinups and American POWs in Japan. But still there are the newspaper reports of new setbacks and losses and the endless and unendurable telegrams bearing the bad news from the War Department.
149023 In a town not so far away and a time not so long ago baby Rose was left on the porch of Greenwoods Orphanage where Mrs. Hartley and the children under her tender care become her family. But when tragedy strikes Rose loses the only home she has ever known and she is abruptly shipped to Irongates—a place that seems as cold and cruel as her previous home was kind. Strict headmaster Mr. Crampton immediately seems to dislike Rose and makes sure she and the other children are punished for any minor infraction of his rules. Rose soon makes friends with Emily but in spite of her gentle and forgiving nature some of the children will take any chance they can to get her into trouble. When she learns that every Christmas Mr. Crampton’s generous brother gives an orange to each child Rose waits in eager anticipation.
149032 Holly blessed with an amazing singing voice is all set to audition for the newly vacated spot in a legendary local Christmas group which was founded by her late mother years ago. Shocked and upset when the slot goes to the barely talented best friend of the group's leader Marci Holly sets out to create her own musical group The Mistle-Tones. After challenging their rivals to a sing-off on Christmas Eve Holly finds herself on a journey to the real meaning of Christmas with some new friends and a new love thrown in for good measure.
149229 The tight-knit neighbors on Arthur Avenue have proudly lit Christmas luminaries for 40 years but that long-standing tradition is cancelled this year when Matt Norman a teenage boy in the neighborhood is hospitalized in desperate need of a heart transplant. As his parents Ann and Mike anxiously pray by his bedside a donor is found while in Detroit a mother is in anguish at her own son’s bedside. When Matt's neighbors decide to honor him in the best way they know how they just might help save his life.
149235 Although she loves Christmas Santa’s elf Christine (Summer Glau) wonders if there could be more to life than making toys in the North Pole. When Santa receives an emergency wish from a little boy in Los Angeles he puts Christine on a special assignment sending her to L.A. to give the VanCamp family—mom Sara (Eva La Rue) dad Scott (Dan Gauthier) and their two kids Ally (Izabela Vidovic) and Will (Mason Cook)—a holiday wake-up call. Will Christine fail her assignment and be sent back to the North Pole for good or will the VanCamps come to their senses about the meaning of Christmas?
149576 We do not live in the physical world! Where we really live is in the invisible world of experience. It is in this world and only in this world that we have infinite possibilities and are safe and at peace at all times. As long as we don't realize that this is the world in which we truly live not only does nothing in metaphysics make any sense but no matter what we do what methods we use what systems we follow we will not achieve what it is we truly want.
149586 It's 1945 World War II. The Place Okinawa. The Scene an impregnable 400-foot high cliff-AKA Hacksaw Ridge. The Engagement a battle so fierce the odds of survival were 1 in 10. The Act Medic Pfc. Desmond T. Doss braved intense enemy fire to rescue 75 wounded GI's over the precipice. The Story Infantrymen who once ridiculed and scoffed at Desmond's simple faith and refusal to carry a weapon-now owed their lives to him. Director Terry Benedict tells Desmond's incredible story through the eyes of the men who witnessed this humble man's heroic acts. Winning the respect of his fellow soldiers they recommended him for the highest honor America can bestow on one of her sons-The Medal of Honor.
149590 Ben and Julie's annual Halloween Party is about to go off the Richter scale when their single high maintenance girlfriend drags in a homeless guy thinking he's a party goer because SHE needs an escort. Not only has she dated everyone there; unbeknownst to her Ben has invited her lame ex-boyfriend in hopes of reuniting them. As she spends the night avoiding her ex and the other undesirable guys in attendance she interacts with a colorful assortment of party peeps. Between disappearing fortune tellers and over crowded jacuzzis she questions if real love is even possible. The irony; the only person she's the least bit attracted to is the homeless man!
149595 Based on the true story of the Burt family who seemed normal upstanding members of the community but were actually deeply embedded in crime. The matriarch took in foster children who were subsequently molested and abused by her husband and children and she kept a woman enslaved and imprisoned in the basement for over twenty years until the woman's daughter managed to get to Rhode Island Attorney General David Morwitz and expose the horrors taking place in the Burt household.
149711 Dream Town Development real estate bosses Jack Del Rio and Sy Richards can't convince animal lover Carol Tanner to sell and relocate safari/animal retirement ranch Wild Land which she runs with younger sister Ballad since their parents died in a plane crash. Jack hires Bradshaw and Roach to release tiger Caesar after that fails to cause a scandal to start a forest fire and release all animals after tying up Carol. Ballad's lover committed Glendora southern California fire captain Kennedy and his jumper team try their best to control the fire. Meanwhile young sheriff Drake Donovan and Ballad drug and catch wild animals. The arson is discovered but the fiends aren't done yet.
149767 Knowledge is the Beginning is the story of the West-Eastern Divan Orchestra where young Arabs and Jews perform and live side by side. It is a film about what music can do; the way it can transcend cultural barriers bring people together defeat prejudice and overcome religious and political differences. It also demonstrates the problems that crop up occasionally and how music can help people from different points of view find common ground. For Daniel Barenboim founder of the ensemble the orchestra is a symbol for what could be achieved in the Middle East.
149776 LOUD TOUR LIVE AT THE O2 is a 90 minutes-plus chronicle of Rihanna’s sold-out show at the legendary London venue the climactic final stop of her 2011 world tour.  Featured are 21 performances including the #1 hits “We Found Love” “Only Girl (In the World)” “S&M” “What’s My Name” “Rude Boy” “Umbrella” “Love the Way You Lie” and many more.  The production costumes and stage design which Rihanna’s fans have come to expect all come through in this larger-than-life video and audio experience.  Also featured is never before released behind-the-scenes footage of life on the road with Rihanna during that summer and fall “LOUD Tour” of 2011.
149910 When the five puppies stumble upon the Five Power Rings of Inspiron (alien artifacts abandoned on Earth 16 years ago) they all develop super powers and are enlisted in Captain Canine's battle against the evil Darkon alien Commander Drex. Captain Canine is commander of space ship Megasis and is from the planet Inspiron. He is the mortal enemy of the Commander Drex. In charge of protecting Princess Jorala and the Five Power Rings from Drex Megasis places the rings in hiding on the planet Earth and takes the form of a German Shepherd intending to stay on earth in very deep cover. Adopted by aspiring young comic book artist Ian Shaeffer and renamed Captain Canine he spends 16 happy years on Earth as Ian recounts the stories of his space adventures. But when the five Buddies discover the Power Rings and instantly develop superpowers Captain Canine has to train them very quickly indeed - for Commander Drex is headed back to earth and this time he's determined to succeed.
"150090 The Internationally award winning documentary film from Norway follows a 33 year old woman's life prior to serving a 7 year prison sentence for killing her own 66 year old father. He sexually abused her from she was 6 - 17 years old. He also abused her sister who became a drug addict and died of an overdose at the age of 38. The film brings us back to her childhood and describes how sexual abuse can go on for years without anyone is reacting to it.  ""My beloved child"" deals with issues like physical emotional and sexual abuse domestic problems suicide drug issues societies responsibility individual responsibility post effects/late consequences of childhood traumas.  The films is primarily made - and edited - for children and youths in order for them to understand and put words to abuse."
150124 This captivating documentary is the product of five years of obsessive filming of live concert footage exclusive interviews and historic documentation focusing on three fiercely independent music labels and their bands.  Featuring Neurosis ISIS Godspeed You! Black Emperor Pelican Oxbow Evangelista Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra Cave In and many others whose music and art found ideal homes in the artist-run record labels of Hydra Head Neurot and Constellation.  These labels combine hard-to-define heavy music with a visual aesthetic that has enraptured worldwide fans without the need for radio or corporate media outlets. They uphold the legacy of treating music as an art form not as a product.  This film is an answer to those who question where the spirit of punk rock is today.
150530 They were television sports stars of the '60s and '70s a bigger draw than major league baseball. And then virtually overnight they disappeared. Now one man has brought them all back to reclaim their lost glory! Shot over seven years (1998-2004) JAM follows the saga of the America Roller Derby League a group of fading Roller Derby stars who despite the fact that they are in their 50s and 60s are determined to make the sport a national sensation once again. At the center of it all is Tim Patten the league's founder and impresario. Diagnosed HIV positive in 1983 Tim believes his passion for Roller Derby is what keeps him alive. Against all odds he pours thousands of dollars into different schemes ranging from starting an Internet TV show to hiring models in an effort to bring in crowds. At the same time he cares for his partner David dying of full blown AIDS. Equal parts hilarious and heartbreaking JAM takes you into the skater's world on and off the track.
150735 Insurgent trio The Shield’s onslaught against injustice has led them into the path of ravenous monster Ryback and Team Hell No as the two sides engage in a treacherous Tables Ladders &amp; Chairs match. Plus John Cena attempts to rewrite history and seize Dolph Ziggler’s most prized possession the Money in the Bank briefcase in a high-stakes Ladder Match. And the hostility between Big Show and Sheamus escalates to barbaric new levels when they collide in a Chairs Match for the World Heavyweight Championship. WWE wraps up 2012 with the most unruly event of the year WWE TLC: Tables Ladders &amp; Chairs!
151355 Unleashed from the vaults of the Alamo Drafthouse a meticulous selection of the best strangest and most amazing coming attraction trailers in the world! Most have never been available in any home format and all are presented for the first time in high definition. From the high flying explosive metal mayhem of STUNT ROCK to THUNDER COPS' disembodied flying head chaos each 3 minute masterpiece is like a beckoning portal to another more exciting dimension. It's a crippling overdose of towering flames mechanized destruction lurking fear poor sexual choices and spiritual devastation on an apocalyptic scale. You might want to have a cornea donor standing by just in case...because THIS IS GOING TO BURN!
"151380 Four war-veterans from different sides step onto a boat at the mouth of the Kwando river deep within the African interior. They are on a journey back to the battlefield the site of the last ""great"" battle of the Cold War - its inconclusive and a very secret Armageddon where they as youngsters once tried to kill each other. But now twenty years later they've come together as former enemies a new unit of disparate souls joined together not only by the common haunting of war trauma but also by their need to understand to reconcile to forgive."
151595 Following nearly 40 years of unrelenting war peace and reconstruction are slowly arriving to Angola. Huambo Angola’s second largest city finds 55 children in the Okutiuka orphanage under the care of Sonia Ferreira. Her boyfriend Wilker Flores is a death metal guitarist who uses sounds and rhythms of this hardcore music as a path to healing. Or as Sonia says “to clear out the debris from all these years of war.”  The feature documentary follows Wilker and Sonia’s attempts to stage Angola’s first-ever national rock concert bringing together members from different strands of the Angolan hardcore scene from different provinces as it all unfolds in fits and starts against the bombed out and mined backdrop of the formerly stately Huambo.
"151657 For two brief but glorious years The Syn resided at the crossroads of 60s psychedelia and pop. They shared bills at London's Marquee club with the likes of Pink Floyd and Hendrix released some legendary underground singles (""Flowerman"" ""14 Hour Technicolour Dream"") and created the blueprint for rock innovators Yes. Four decades later original founding members Chris Squire (who went on to found Yes) and Steve Nardelli reunited for a new CD and their first-ever live dates in America. This DVD captures the stellar new line-up (featuring Yes drummer Alan White) on a magical night in Boston performing material new and old. DVD extras also include extensive band interviews and backstage footage. An important new chapter in the history of one of rock's great nearly-lost treasures."
151693 Morgan is the inspiring story of Morgan Oliver a gay young athlete determined that a bicycle accident that left him paralyzed will not change him. He takes a chance on love when he meets Dean Kagen on a basketball court. Dean helps Morgan train for the same race in which he had his accident. But when he sees that Morgan will risk everything to win Dean walks out. Left alone to face the race and demons that caused his accident Morgan teeters between what he needs and what he wants. Can he find the strength to pull himself back up again?
151870 Minecraft: The Story of Mojang is a feature-length documentary that follows the young company over the course of its first year as their profile expanded across the world stage and into the homes of millions of gamers. Featuring insights from industry icons (Peter Molyneux Tim Schafer) journalists (Geoff Keighley Stephen Totilo) tastemakers (Gabe & Tycho of Penny Arcade) and players profoundly impacted by the game (Yogscast The Shaft Minecraft Teacher) the film serves as a time capsule for one of this generation's most unorthodox success stories. Minecraft: The Story of Mojang is the second feature from game culture archivists 2 Player Productions (Reformat the Planet Penny Arcade: The Series - Season 1 Double Fine Adventure!). Funded through crowdsourcing site Kickstarter.com the production spanned nearly two years in locations across North America and Europe.
152307 This is the true story of one of the most grisly crime scene investigations in the history of the United States. The grueling case - that began with a simple shoplifting arrest - unfolded clue by clue until a shocking discovery rocked the nation: more than forty pounds of bones and five intact bodies buried on Charles Ng and Leonard Lakes' property. Each gruesome excavation confirmed that Ng and Lake were no ordinary serial killers. They were manipulative sadistic and had no mercy for their innocent victims. Walk alongside law enforcement step by step as they work to get justice for the slain.
152379 Prisoners are dying at the Ogden Correctional Institution a prison where a corrupt Warden has taken justice and business into his own hands. In the bowels of this prison an underground fighting society has been formed. The Circuit is flourishing until investigative reporter Nicole Kent is thrown into the mix and into Pike's cell where she is viciously attacked and left for dead. Enter Dirk Longstreet. Dirk who was once a fighting champion on the Eastern seaboard circuit now has to sit idly by as his girlfriend fights for her life. Dirk decides to fight for revenge
152742 Virgil Oldman is a world renowned antiques expert and auctioneer. An eccentric genius he leads a solitary life going to extreme lengths to keep his distance from the messiness of human relationships. When appointed by the beautiful but emotionally damaged Claire to oversee the valuation and sale of her family’s priceless art collection Virgil allows himself to form an attachment to her – and soon he is engulfed by a passion which will rock his bland existence to the core.
152848 Jason and Maggie Seaver are ready to start a new chapter in their lives. The nest is finally empty they've put the family home up for sale and they're preparing to spend their retirement years traveling. But all that's easier said than done as Mike and a very pregnant Carol each with their own agenda for wanting their parents to stay put team up to sabotage the move. At the same time little brother Ben now a realtor needs the big sale of his parents' home to please his boss. Meanwhile Chrissie an aspiring singer just wants to get out from under her parents' watchful gaze so she can launch her career as a rock star.
153043 When Elfrida Philips abandons London for a country village she settles in quickly. She is very poor but has a tiny cottage her four-legged friend Horace and friendships of good neighbors. Tragedy upsets her newfound tranquillity and she takes refuge in a rambling house with a new gentleman friend in Corrydale. But the group proves to be greater than the sum of its ill-fitting parts and as the solstice passes and as Christmas approaches the healing power of love begins to work its magic. (Filmed at Dunrobin Castle Golspie Sutherland)
153291 Indie art-rockers Franz Ferdinand offer a wealth of live performance footage in this release that offers a collection of concert clips from venues across the globe as well as two entire live sets. In addition to a series of live clips which capture the band performing in venues ranging from Belgium's Rock Werchter to The Avalon in Los Angeles full sets from Brixton and San Francisco offer the experience of experiencing one of the band's thunderous live shows in their entirety.
153436 As the real estate market is in a downward spiral beautiful young realtor Lauren Baker gets the listing of a lifetime: a mansion on Chicago's exclusive Gold Coast has fallen into her lap and she is able to quickly find a cash buyer for the brother and sister who are selling their parents' estate. When the vendors turn out to be imposters and the real owners turn up murdered Lauren realizes that she has fallen victim to a scam as well as a cover up to a murder. Lauren is determined to find out who deceived her and why.
153566 Exploring the life and impact of the greatest spiritual and legal philosopher in Islamic history this film examines Ghazali's existential crisis of faith that arose from his rejection of religious dogmatism and reveals profound parallels with our own times. Ghazali became known as the Proof of Islam and his path of love and spiritual excellence overcame the pitfalls of the organised religion of his day. His path was largely abandoned by early 20th century Muslim reformers for the more strident and less tolerant school of Ibn Taymiyya. Combining drama with documentary this film argues that Ghazali's Islam is the antidote for today's terror.
153601 Eye of the Leopard follows the remarkable life of one small leopard from when she is just 8 days old every step of the way until she is 3 years old and on the brink of adulthood. Legadema as she is named works her way into your heart as she slips in and out of danger virtually every day running from baboons and hyenas but also making landmark strides in hunting and surviving. Narrated by Jeremy Irons it is the story of a mother and daughter relationship as well as that of an emerging huntress in Botswana’s magnificent Mombo region of the Okavango Delta.
153628 Amaluna invites the audience to a mysterious island governed by Goddesses and guided by the cycles of the moon.  Their queen Prospera directs her daughter’s coming-of-age ceremony in a rite that honours femininity renewal rebirth and balance which marks the passing of these insights and values from one generation to the next.  In the wake of a storm caused by Prospera a group of young men lands on the island triggering an epic emotional story of love between Prospera’s daughter and a brave young suitor. But theirs is a love that will be put to the test. The couple must face numerous demanding trials and overcome daunting setbacks before they can achieve mutual trust faith and harmony.
"154004 Fast Food High tells the story of Emma Redding a young fast food restaurant employee who musters her inner Erin Brockovich and tries to start a union.  When new management takes over the local fast food restaurant favoritism unstable hours and sexual harassment come with it. Eager to do something about it Emma risks losing her job her boyfriend and her status with the ""in"" crowd as she squares off against big business in the greatest challenge of her young life."
"154236 This DVD features a documentary about the band entitled """"Tierra Gitana"""" (57 minutes) and a concert recorded at the height of the Gipsy Kings' popularity. Tierra Gitana: Igual Se Enfonces Baila Me A Tu Vera Un Amor Galaxia Catalunia Viento del Arena Montana Campesino A Ti A Ti Siempre Acaba du Vida Bamboleo. Live Concert: Liberta Chiribi Pharaon Bamboleo Trista Pena Caminando Por La Calle Djobi Djoba Passion A Mi Manera Pena Penita El Camino Fandango Viento Del Arena Bem Bem Maria Improvisation Gitane Allegria"
"154365 Dokken - One Live Night movie was released Feb 22 2000 by the BMG Special Products studio. .80 minute DVD features a full-length concert recorded live at the Strand in Redondo Beach CA. Includes 12 tracks lik e Into the Fire Unchain the Night Nothing Left to Say Nowhere Man From the Beginning and much more! Also includes an interview with the entire band and a bonu s video: The Road Crew and Band Segment.  A video companion to the metal rockers' stripped-down live album including favorites like ""Unchain the Night"" and ""Into the Fire Dokken - One Live Night video. "" In addition Don Dokken and the boys also play such rarities as acoustic ballads and covers of the Beatles and progressive rock gods Emerson Lake and Palmer Dokken - One Live Night film. Included as a special bonus is candid post-concert footage of the band hanging with their road crew Dokken"
154597 We’ve all seen environmental problems highlighted everyday on the media. Now comes the solution. From the man who said “You can solve all the world’s problems in a garden” comes Geoff Lawton’s Permaculture Soils DVD. 137 minutes of Permaculture soil creation strategies that really work! Even if you have never built a garden or got your hands dirty before you will learn the secrets of real soil creation – partnering with the life in the Soil! Geoff will take you through every step of the process and explain in detail how to do it yourself. From Compost creation to larger Kitchen Gardens and then to broad acre farming – this is the future of biological agriculture.
154719 Elimination Chamber (2010) was a PPV which took place on February 21 2010 at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis Missouri. It was the first Elimination Chamber event.  The concept of the event was that the two main event matches would occur in an Elimination Chamber. Each match featured six competitors: the defending champion and five challengers. Sheamus defended the WWE Championship against Triple H Ted DiBiase Randy Orton John Cena and Kofi Kingston in the Raw Elimination Chamber. In the SmackDown Elimination Chamber match The Undertaker defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Chris Jericho John Morrison Rey Mysterio CM Punk and R-Truth. On the undercard Drew McIntyre defended the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Kane The Miz defended the WWE United States Championship against Montel Vontavious Porter and Maryse and Gail Kim competed against Team Lay-Cool (Layla and Michelle McCool) in an interbrand Divas tag team match.
154807 A concert from Tilburg in the Netherlands was recorded in May 2012 which distinguishes itself noticeably from previous releases due to the line-up that includes Michael Schenker (lead guitar) Doogie White (vocals) Herman Rarebell (drums) Francis Buchholz (bass) and Wayne Findley (rhythm guitar keyboards). In addition to this Tilburg concert fans can experience extracts from London's 2011 High Voltage Festival with Michael Voss (vocals) plus awe-inspiring guest appearances from Schenker's friends and musical companions including his brother Rudolf Schenker (The Scorpions) ex-Journey singer Jeff Scott Soto and UFO bassist Pete Way.
154860 Ashley is in his late-twenties Holly is in her early-twenties. They're both very much lost in their individual quarter-life crises. Ashley quit his job to travel in search of clarity. He ventures to his childhood home with plans of breaking-and-entering for the nostalgic rush. Along the way he meets Holly who after a short-lived relationship with her restaurant manager also finds herself jobless and aimless. The film chronicles Holly and Ashley's brief odd hysterical commiseration as grown-up children stumbling through life's final bout of growing pains.
154948 1. Rev-Raptor 2. Dominator 3. Thunderball 4. Leatherhead 5. Independence Day 6. Screaming For A Love-Bite 7. Heart Of Gold 8. Vendetta 9. Princess Of The Dawn 10. I Give As Good As I Get 11. Kokopelli (Guitar Solo) 12. Neon Nights 13. Break The Rules 14. Man And Machine 15. Drum Solo 16. Living On A Frontline 17. Up To The Limit 18. Two Faced Woman 19. Metal Heart 20. The Bogeyman 21. I'm A Rebel 22. Balls To The Wall 23. Burning  Any anniversary provides artists with the perfect opportunity to look back and review the experiences they ve had. And who realistically could look back on more Heavy Metal history than Udo Dirkschneider the legendary founder and frontman of Accept and now singer with U.D.O.? Dirkschneider's unique voice his humbleness and consistency of style have made him the fan s favourite. A quarter of a century for U.D.O. and it is time to pop corks all over the world.
155004 Mariza is known as a thrilling live performer and it seems clear that she responds to the audience as powerfully as they respond to her. The live album medium seems ideal for such an artist and with Concerto em Lisboa Mariza delivers what is undoubtedly the finest album of her still-young (though internationally renowned) career. The accompanying DVD is both full of fascinating historical information about fado music as well as an inside look at Mariza herself who comes across as humble kind and incredibly down-to-earth.
155151 Founded in 2004 the Festival originated in Wisconsin and Minnesota by Joe Pickett Nick Prueher and Geoff Haas childhood friends from Wisconsin. While still in high school Pickett and Prueher began collecting videos from garage sales training videos from odd jobs and copies of tapes from a video production house. The friends would then play selections from this collection for entertainment at parties. In 2004 Pickett and Prueher quit their day jobs to focus on production of their first feature documentary Dirty Country. They started the touring Found Footage Festival show to fund the production of the documentary. In addition to its regular touring schedule the Festival has appeared at the HBO US Comedy Arts Festival Just For Laughs (the Montreal comedy festival) the New York Comedy Festival the Impakt Festival in the Netherlands and the Central Standard Film Festival in Minneapolis MN. The Festival is currently based out of New York City.
155348 Back to Budokan is a live album CD and DVD by the hard rock band Mr. Big. The performance was recorded at Budokan in Tokyo Japan Jun 20 2009. Track Listing: 1. Daddy Brother / 2. Lover Little Boy (The Elecrtic Drill Song) / 3. Take Cover / 4. Green-Tinted Sixties Mind / 5. Alive and Kickin' / 6. Next Time Around / 7. Hold Your Head Up / 8. Just Take My Heart / 9. Temperamental / 10. It's For You - Mars / 11. Pat Torpey Drum Solo / 12. Price You Gotta Pay / 13. Stay Together / 14. Wild World / 15. Goin' Where The Wind Blows / 16. Take a Walk / 17. Paul Gilbert Guitar Solo / 18. Paul Gilbert and Billy Sheehan Duo / 19. Double Human Capo / 20. The Whole World's Gonna Know / 21. Promise Her The Moon / 22. Rock &amp; Roll Over / 23. Billy Sheehan Bass Solo / 24. Addicted To That Rush
155554 A serial killer terrorizes the  horror-stricken town of Canyon City. Plagued by a 10-year-old tale of the mysterious murder of Devon Anderson this community still harbors curiosity when the current victims - and the evidence surrounding their murders - appear to be very similar to what happened to Devon and the parents accused of killing him. Did Devon die? Convinced Devon is alive - and the killer - a group of teens set off to find and stop him from murdering again. Staying one step ahead of the authorities they find out the killer is too smart and too strong running is not an option. They must fight to escape the killer's wrath and get one step closer to answering the legend and mystery that surrounds that fateful night.
155584 Ryosaku a struggling actor endures daily abuse from his wicked wife. One day the janitor of his apartment gives him a 'The Pod of Good Fortune'. And his life begins to go awry. The sudden death of his abusive wife...suspicion of murder...an impulsive cover-up...same old routine on set...an unexpected visitor...and the body count rises. This fi lm closely follows the daily life of the protagonist as the bizarre and horrifi c drama unfolds. When people are pushed to an extreme situation it's also the most comical. Full of such aspects the stor y reveals the secret side of the people surrounding the protagonist. Where will the 'The Pod of Good Fortune' lead this man's unfortunate life? Only the Pot can tell.
156019 A year in the making Still Screaming is the definitive documentary on the making of the iconic Scream movies. Dive into the fascinating success story of the classic trilogy with on-set footage and photos and dozens of brand new interviews with cast and crew from all the films including Wes Craven Neve Campbell Liev Schreiber Henry Winkler Matthew Lillard Jamie Kennedy Laurie Metcalf Parker Posey Scott Foley and many others. Written and Directed by Ryan Turek and Produced by Anthony Masi.
156022 McCall believes he has put his mysterious past behind him and dedicated himself to beginning a new quiet life. But when he meets Teri a young girl under the control of ultra-violent Russian gangsters he can’t stand idly by – he has to help her. Armed with hidden skills that allow him to serve vengeance against anyone who would brutalize the helpless McCall comes out of his self-imposed retirement and finds his desire for justice reawakened. If someone has a problem if the odds are stacked against them if they have nowhere else to turn McCall will help. He is The Equalizer.
"156284 An intricate tale of ""medicine monopoly and malice"" Fire in the Blood tells the story of how Western pharmaceutical companies and governments blocked access to low-cost AIDS drugs for the countries of the global south in the years after 1996 - causing ten million or more unnecessary deaths - and the improbable group of people who decided to fight back. Shot on four continents and including contributions from global figures such as Bill Clinton Desmond Tutu and Joseph Stiglitz Fire in the Blood is the never-before-told true story of the remarkable coalition which came together to stop 'the crime of the century' and save millions of lives in the process."
156700 Joe Toy on the verge of adolescence finds himself increasingly frustrated by his single father Frank's attempts to manage his life. Declaring his freedom once and for all he escapes to a clearing in the woods with his best friend Patrick and a strange kid named Biaggio. He announces that they are going to build a house there free from responsibility and parents. Once their makeshift abode is finished the three young men find themselves masters of their own destiny alone in the woods.
157028 In this world of wonders there are still places that have not been smoothed over with the shallow surfaces of Western commercialism. This film is a personal Valentine to a life filled with amazing exotic beautiful and fearsome places for the world. The amazing thing is not just the visual demonstration of how fleeting life is but a meditation on how the decisions that seem momentous on our time scale are flickering snapshots of life on this planet too small to be observed by most. Somehow the music combined with technology becomes a personal experience that makes the earth and its inhabitants seem touchingly fragile and full of wonder...
157114 A postal worker falls in love with the Chinese waitress at a Chinese restaurant. They start dating and quickly fall in and out of love the waitress returning to China. The young man looks for comfort in his father but he's too preoccupied with winning the Eurovision song contest. After listening to loser friends talk about what Sylvester Stallone would do in his situation the postal worker decides to buy a ticket to China and follow his love to her home.
157287 TLC: Tables Ladders &amp; Chairs (2009) was the first annual TLC: Tables Ladders &amp; Chairs PPV. It took place on December 13 2009 at the AT&amp;T Center in San Antonio Texas.  Each main match contained a stipulation utilizing tables ladders and chairs as legal weapons. The primary matches included Christian challenging Shelton Benjamin in a Ladder match for the ECW Championship Sheamus challenging John Cena in a Tables match for the WWE Championship the reigning World Heavyweight Champion The Undertaker defending his title against Batista in a Chair match and the main event where Chris Jericho and The Big Show defended against D-Generation X (Triple H and Shawn Michaels) in a Tables Ladders and Chairs match for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship. Other matches in the card included John Morrison versus Drew McIntyre for the WWE Intercontinental Championship Michelle McCool versus Mickie James for the WWE Women's Championship and Randy Orton versus Kofi Kingston.
157414 Martin (deceased) is stuck in a dead-end job welcoming the newly departed into the afterlife. All he dreams of is going 'Up There'. But his plans are thrown into disarray when he has to team up with the relentlessly chirpy Rash and together they lose a new arrival. The mismatched pair give chase and end up in a remote seaside town populated by cocky teenagers sinister old women and the enigmatic Liz who has 'suicide written all over her'. Can they stop bickering long enough to find the lost soul? Will Rash be reunited with his brother Chunky? And can Martin get back in time to finally get 'Up There'? UP THERE is a killer comedy about life death and irritating friends.
157763 After the sudden death of her father leaves a teenage girl without a family she becomes lost in her own anger and sadness. Her family doctor (Daryl Hannah) informs her that her father had a secret that the mother she never knew (Claire Forlani) was alive and well. When she travels to meet her she befriends a horse trainer (Louis Gossett Jr) and discovers that in caring for the horse she is able to overcome her hardships and emotional trauma. Together they begin to win many races and upset the favorites owned by an egocentric mogul (Eric Roberts). Through the victories and new friendships she forms she learns to find her way back to happiness.
157803 In 2010 four of the greatest undefeated mountain runners on earth toed the starting line at the Western States 100-mile endurance run the oldest and most prestigious 100-mile foot race in the world.  'Unbreakable: The Western States 100' follows the four lead men on this amazing journey. Hal Koerner two time defending Western States champion and running store entrepreneur from Ashland Oregon. Geoff Roes undefeated at the 100-mile distance an organic chef from Juneau Alaska. Anton Krupicka undefeated in every ultramarathon he has ever started a graduate student living in Boulder Colorado. Kilian Jornet the young mountain runner and two time Ultra-trail du Mont-Blanc champion from Spain.
157952 Documentary presented by Anglican priest Pete Owen Jones which explores the huge number of ancient Christian texts that didn't make it into the New Testament. Shocking and challenging these were works in which Jesus didn't die took revenge on his enemies and kissed Mary Magdalene on the mouth - a Jesus unrecognisable from that found in the traditional books of the New Testament.  Through these lost Gospels Pete reconstructs the intense intellectual and political struggles for orthodoxy that was fought in the early centuries of Christianity a battle involving different Christian sects each convinced that their gospels were true and sacred.  Owen Jones sets out the context in which heretical texts like the Gospel of Mary emerged. He also strikes a cautionary note - if these lost gospels had been allowed to flourish Christianity may well have faced an uncertain future or perhaps not survived at all.
158011 Jordan Turner is an experienced 911 operator but when she makes an error in judgment and a call ends badly Jordan is rattled and unsure if she can continue. But when teenager Casey Welson is abducted in the back of a man's car and calls 911 Jordan is the one called upon to use all of her experience insights and quick thinking to help Casey escape and not just to save her but to make sure the man is brought to justice.
158238 Stolen Seas presents a chilling exploration of the Somali pirate phenomenon and forces you to rethink everything you thought you knew about pirates. It's November 8th 2008 and the CEC Future a Danish-owned merchant ship is on high alert. Sailing inside the pirate-infested swath of sea between Somalia and Yemen the ship's captain blinks hard at the radar screen where a light begins to flash. This is it Nozhkin thinks and he's right. Machine guns sound on the boat's hull and for two months this 13-man crew will be held at the mercy of Somali pirates helpless as hostage negotiations threaten their lives and cameras capture every move. The pirates' translator Ishmael Ali a single dad who may or may not have stumbled into this controversial role puts in a call to the shipping magnate's CEO Per Gullestrup demanding an exorbitant 7 million dollars. The shipowner's response is the first of many misfires and communications to come...
158294 Not many hard rock bands have spread their wings as far as The Tea Party has in so few years. In the past the trio were always about expanding their musical horizons. Each new record saw the band create new sounds and in essence recreate themselves. Since announcing their Australian tour early in 2012 the cries from THE TEA PARTY's faithful followers for a Live BLU RAY has been deafening. The call has been answered. However good they were on record The Tea Party were always a more moving and visceral experience live. Twenty years on from their early-'90s breakout Jeff Martin Stuart Chatwood and drummer Jeff Burrows lay down their patented style of Moroccan-roll through favourites such as The River The Bazaar Temptation Fire In The Head The Messenger . and a few surprises thrown in to boot.
158700 Multi-platinum album selling legends Styx dig deep into their rock arsenal and release on DVD for the first time their concert video Caught In The Act. Recorded during their Kilroy Was Here tour in 1983 this concert video centers around this concept album's theme of a futuristic society where rock `n' roll is banned by the masses. Remastered in 5.1 surround experience the band's classic hits at the height of their career like Mr. Roboto and Don't Let It End as well as their concert staples like Come Sail Away Blue Collar Man and Too Much Time On My Hands.
158711 Dr Spencer Wells retraces the footsteps of 200 random New Yorkers and proves they are all cousins.  On the most diverse street in the most diverse city in the most diverse country in the world a team of National Geographic scientists swab the cheeks of some 200 random New Yorkers. The goal: to retrace our ancestral footprints and prove we are all cousins in the “family of man.”  Cutting edge science coupled with a cast of New Yorkers – each with their own unique genetic history - will help paint a picture of these amazing journeys. Ultimately Man’s First Migrations answers some of humanity’s most burning questions such as who we are and where we come from and forces us to change how we think not only about our relationships with our neighbours but ourselves.
158848 The Falls is a feature film about two missionaries that fall in love while on their mission. RJ travels to a small town in Oregon with Elder Merrill to serve their mission and teach the words of Joseph Smith. Living together and sharing the challenge of leaving home the two men help each other discover their strengths. They share a passion for their faith and learn to express their feelings risking the only community they have for a forbidden intimacy.
158993 This award winning documentary narrated by Lou Reed explores the breadth and depth of Occupy Wall Street and how it quickly grew from a small park in lower Manhattan to an international movement. The film highlights why people from diverse age ethnic and financial backgrounds support the movement and its focus of removing money from politics in order to reclaim democracy from entrenched corporate interests so that critical issues including job creation affordable access to health and education protecting the environment and gun safety can be fully addressed. Featuring interviews with a wide range of subjects including Occupiers economist Jeffrey Sachs and business magnate Russell Simmons.
158997 In 1999 filmmakers Joe Brewster and Michčle Stephenson turned the camera on themselves and began filming their five-year-old son Idris and his best friend Seun as they started kindergarten at the prestigious Dalton School just as the private institution was committing to diversify its student body. Their cameras continued to follow both families for another 12 years as the paths of the two boys diverged—one continued private school while the other pursued a very different route through the public education system.
159032 In the winter of 2011 after a controversial election Vladimir Putin was reinstalled as president of Russia. In response hundreds of thousands of citizens rose up all over the country to challenge the legitimacy of Putin’s rule. Among them were a group of young radical-feminist punk rockers better known as Pussy Riot. Wearing colored balaclavas tights and summer dresses they entered Moscow’s most venerated cathedral and dared to sing “Mother Mary Banish Putin!” Now they have become victims of a “show” trial.
159151 In a tiny Alabama town with the curious name of Muscle Shoals something miraculous sprang from the mud of the Tennessee River. A group of unassuming yet incredibly talented locals came together and spawned some of the greatest music of all time: “Mustang Sally” “I Never Loved a Man” “Wild Horses” and many more. During the most incendiary periods of racial hostility white folks and black folks came together to create music that would last for generations and gave birth to the incomparable “Muscle Shoals sound.”
"159331 Released on Gwar's 2004 ""Mock the Vote"" tour War Party Tour 2004 is a limited DVD of a live show from 2004 with some similar concepts (and at the time the first hearings of songs from War Party) from said tour. Some people had thought of this release as a more modern Live from Antarctica. Unlike Live from Antarctica this DVD was limited in release to the latter ""Mock the Vote"" concerts in 2004 and 2005. In June 2007 Don Drakulich (Sleazy P. Martini) began selling a new DVD-R pressing of this show through his Hypereal Productions web page. The 2007 version featured a new cover and menus and corrected audio problems that were found in the original."
159604 In an effort to set his life straight Kenny Zemacus checks his autistic brother Mark out of the care home where he's spent the past fifteen years since their mother's death. When Kenny reluctantly brings Mark on a last minute museum catering gig Mark unwittingly entangles them in a dangerous heist involving the museum's showpiece -- the Silver Coin of Judas -- and a murderous satanic cult known as The Knights of Judas. The two brothers are propelled into the cult's demonic world where they must fight for their lives and face the depths of their own dark past.
"159648 ""The newly crowned Champions of England are the new Champions of Europe 2008 is another Manchester United vintage year. Wembley Barcelona Moscow Manchester United three times European Champions"".  Extra time injury time penalties. Whenever United win the biggest prize of all it’s always a dramatic intense affair. At well past midnight in Moscow the big hands of Edwin van der Sar pushed away Nicolas Anelka’s penalty and the Reds were once again crowned the Kings of Europe. And how the Red Army roared as Ryan and Rio raised the giant trophy aloft again.  ""It’s double top for the red arrows too good for Chelsea…and the rest in the quest to become European champions""."
160139 Raimund Gregorius having saved a beautiful Portuguese woman from leaping to her death stumbles upon a mesmerizing book by a Portuguese author which compels him to suddenly abandon the boring life he has led for years and to embark on an enthralling adventure.  In search of the author Gregorius acts as detective pulling together pieces of a puzzle that involves political and emotional intrigue and the highest possible stakes. His voyage is one that transcends time and space delving into the realms of history medicine and love all in search of true meaning to his life.
160184 Twelve-year olds Joe Tiger and Chris break out of summer baseball camp to secretly trail Joe’s parents who have lied to Joe about a mysterious trip they’re taking.  The boys must piece together clues avoid their parents dodge the police trust a stranger – and not destroy their friendships in the process – during an adventurous road trip in their last summer before junior high.  In the spirit of Stand By Me Rounding First is a coming-of-age tale set in the summer of 1980.
160234 Seth McArdle (Samuel Davis) is a high school senior with an especially full plate. Not only must he navigate the usual social and academic pitfalls of high school but he has to contend with his young twin sisters serving as de facto parent in the absence of his deceased mother and deadbeat father. The pressure mounts when the bank calls with a foreclosure warning and Seth's frustrations spill over into various altercations with the school football team.  An exasperated coach exiles Seth to work after school with Abel the eccentric groundskeeper (Kevin Sorbo). Their relationship starts off cold and rocky but as the two spend more time together they realize they have more in common than either thought. The downside: it's pretty much pain and sadness that they share. The upside: God loves them.
160384 The Vienna New Year's Concert is the world's most famous classical music event. The 2012 concert will feature the second appearance of Mariss Jansons as conductor whose 2006 appearance was widely acclaimed by both audiences and the media. The program for the 2012 concert on Blu-ray and DVD in its entirety is once again a skillful blend of well-known classics several premieres and works that have never been recorded or are rarely heard. As always the concert ends with two traditional encores the famous waltz The Blue Danube and the Radetzky March.
"160746 When an entire family is wiped out by an axe murderer on a June evening in 1912 a small Iowa town spirals into chaos and division. ""Villisca"" tells the epic true story of the Villisca Iowa Children's Day murders. Following just two months after the sinking of the Titanic the still-unsolved crime built and ruined political careers created a lasting community split over the guilt or innocence of a local man--a state Senator--and produced dozens of litigations including three of America's most sensational trials."
160916 RUN is the story of Ashley a sixteen-year old teenager with a chip on her shoulder. She is sent by her mom to spend a month of her summer holidays with her grandparents on the family farm. While there she develops a love-hate relationship with her grandfather Joseph a full- blooded Cree Indian who stresses rules and respect. Slowly her grandfather introduces her to traditions he learned on the reserve as a boy. All seems well until Ashley finds a picture album from the attic and begins asking questions questions that reveal a secret that threatens to tear the family apart. In the end the story is about redemptive love and the power of forgiveness woven into the traditions of First Nations culture.
"161034 In this exciting concert appearance Sheryl Crow powerfully demonstrates why she is one of today's truly distinctive voices. Uncompromising open witty sardonic and surprising Sheryl hooks the listener immediately with music that's both reflective and compulsively catchy.  Leading a group of top-rate musicians Sheryl digs into the classic hits that rocketed her to stardom including ""Strong Enough"" and ""All I Wanna Do"" and explores troubled romance in songs from her GRAMMY Award-winning 'The Globe Sessions' her most personal album yet.  Sheryl Crow firmly stakes out her place in rock history as she continues to grow as an artist delighting and invigorating her fans with her seemingly endless talent."
"161277 Narrated by Gabriel Byrne (Usual Suspects Vanity Fair Miller's Crossing) this seven-time Best Documentary award-winning film (Silver Lake Film Festival Beverly Hills Film Festival) is the most comprehensive and mind-blowing investigation of humankind's relationship with death ever captured on film. Hailed by many viewers as a ""life-transformational film"" Flight from Death uncovers death anxiety as a possible root cause of many of our behaviors on a psychological spiritual and cultural level. Following the work of the late cultural anthropologist Ernest Becker and his Pulitzer Prize-winning book Denial of Death this documentary explores the ongoing research of a group of social psychologists that may forever change the way we look at ourselves and the world. Over the last twenty-five years this team of researchers has conducted over 300 laboratory studies which substantiate Becker's claim that death anxiety is a primary motivator of human behavior..."
161463 Documentary about the final five turbulent years in the life of civil rights activist Martin Luther King. The story begins at the Lincoln Memorial in August 1963 when a 34-year-old preacher galvanized millions with his dream for an America free of racism and comes to a bloody end five years later on a motel balcony in Memphis.  King has since become a mythic figure an activist whose works and image are more hotly contested negotiated and sold than almost anyone else's in American history. (Storyville)
"161533 Reluctant rock hero J.J. Cale takes the spotlight for this 80-minute session recorded in Los Angeles in 1979 but virtually unseen until 2001. The reclusive Oklahoma-born Cale is probably best known for writing songs made famous by others (""After Midnight"" and ""Cocaine"" by Eric Clapton ""Call Me the Breeze"" by Lynyrd Skynyrd). Those are among the some two dozen tunes heard here (five of which including ""Breeze"" are audio-only bonus tracks) as is Cale's own minor hit ""Crazy Mama."" The latter is a good example of the witty laconic groove that Cale a superb guitar player and laid-back vocalist brings to much of his music an appealing style that's been an obvious influence on Mark Knopfler and others."
161683 On this particular Friday morning the students of Eastbrook High are arriving at school to complete their final exams before the Christmas Holiday. But what began as a December snowfall quickly becomes a threatening winter storm and school is dismissed for the day. The students who are unable to arrange transportation before the storm grows are forced to remain in the school gym. The six familiar strangers are the only students remaining as the outdoor conditions worsen and the doors are locked. Wills are tested friendships are created and secrets are revealed as they realize they must rely on each other to make it through the night.
161687 With the help of her mother family friends and fellow musicians Aiyana Elliott reaches for her father legendary cowboy troubadour Ramblin' Jack Elliott. She explores who he is and how he got there working back and forth between archival and contemporary footage. Born in 1932 in Brooklyn busking through the South and West in the early 50s a year with Woody Guthrie six years flatpicking in Europe a triumphant return to Greenwich Village in the early 60s mentoring Bob Dylan then life on the road from gig to gig singing and telling stories. A Grammy and the National Medal of Arts await Jack near the end of a long trail. What will Aiyana find for herself?
161753 A rivalry between two actors proves to have dangerous consequences in this drama from Spain. Daniel (Federico Luppi) is the star of a popular television series who is interested in more prestigious work. and longs to appear on the legitimate stage. Daniel is lobbying for the leading role in Divertimento a well-known play that made a star of leading man Bernardo Gabler (Francisco Rabal). When Daniel pays a visit to the theater where the play is being staged he discovers to his surprise that Bernardo is waiting for him. Bernardo is not at all eager to turn over his signature role to another actor and insists on putting Daniel through a punishing audition which turns out to be the least of Daniel's problems when Bernardo forces him to help hide a corpse implicating him in a murder Bernardo claims to have committed.
161912 The Bay of Love and Sorrows is a haunting modern tragedy set on the rural shores of New Brunswick's Bay of Miramichi. In late summer 1973 Michael Skid the son of a well-to-do judge returns home and rents a dilapidated farm. He begins to spread the gospel of communal ideals which he has absorbed during his travels in India. His new worldliness and ideas go over well with impoverished siblings Madonna and Silver Brassaurd and the hopelessly naļve Carrie. They go over less well with Tom Donnerel a young farmer and Carrie's fiancé. Wounded by Tom's derision Michael befriends ex-convict Everette Hatch who recognizing opportunity exploits Michael's ideas to his advantage. Believing himself capable of understanding people from the other side of the track Michael fails to recognize that the ex-con is manipulating him and so sets off a catastrophic chain of events in the community
162698 Misty a call girl working at a cathouse run by Tamiko. Tamiko runs her house like a mini-dictatorship making all the girls follow a strict set of rules: No boyfriends no orgasms no taking tips etc. Misty is the top girl in the house and is making the most money. Tamiko does her best to keep Misty in line however. Tamiko asks sensing Misty may be thinking about starting her own house. Of course Misty denies it but she really wants more….especially when she finds out the customers are paying $100000 a year each in membership fees
163503 Finally...The Rock has come back to the Royal Rumble! In his first title match in over 10 years The Great One goes one-on-one with the longest reigning WWE Champion of the last quarter century CM Punk. Plus Big Show looks to regain the World Heavyweight Championship from Alberto Del Rio in a ruthless Last Man Standing Match. And it's every man for himself when 30 Superstars collide for the opportunity to headline WrestleMania XXIX in the iconic Royal Rumble match. The Road to WrestleMania begins here from the US Airways Center in Phoenix Arizona....it's the 2013 WWE Royal Rumble!
163543 Martin Remaro while in hot pursuit of evil is hit by a car. Ben and Julie the occupants of the car are convinced to flee the scene of the accident and take him home. Instead they take him to there place. Through a turn of events they come to discover that Martin is a very troubled man. Wanting him out of their home they agree to collect the drugs needed to help heal his wounds. Through the people they come into contact with while purchasing the drugs they come to understand that he is a very sick man that needs help and that they are in danger.
163864 Craneway Event marks the second collaboration between acclaimed Berlin-based British artist Tacita Dean and the legendary late choreographer Merce Cunningham. Shot in 16mm colour anamorphic film Craneway Event documents Cunningham's company over three days in November 2008 as they rehearsed for an event in the light filled craneway of an abandoned Ford Motors factory in California. Dean's film practice embodies a romantic and insistent materialism often documenting forgotten moments and spaces teetering on the edge of disappearance. While her predisposition towards the ephemeral is often grounded in the physical world as a feature length film Craneway Event solicits an experience of duration that transcends the materiality of space. Craneway Event is the grand beauty and scale of empty industrial space the delicacy of light time and air and the eloquence and subtlety of movement in the visionary work of Merce Cunningham.
163875 From the makers of All.I.Can comes the new feature film Into the Mind. Blur the lines between dream state and reality as you perceive the world through the minds of many. Into the Mind contemplates the experiences passed between mentors and peers to paint a philosophical portrait of human kind. What drives us to overcome challenge? How do we justify risk? What forces are at the core of a mountain addiction? Unique athlete segments over a multitude of mountain sport genres depict the connectivity of Earth and window into never-seen-before moments. Explore how we begin our perception of self construct the foundations of confidence and are ultimately led up the path of self-actualization.
164093 The great cycle of the ancient Mayan calendar will end on December 21st 2012. How does the story end? The remote homelands of the present day Maya in Mexico and Guatemala present a perfect microcosm to show how unhindered globalization is already destroying the Earth and indigenous cultures now under attack for their natural resources from all sides. This film presents another worldview following six young Mayas into their daily and ceremonial life revealing their determination to resist the destruction of their culture and environment
164123 Set in 1969 Abel Shaddick a crotchety deli owner has a grudge against virtually everyone in his upstate New York town of Fairview particularly against his slacker nephew Stanley who lives behind the shop. Without telling his uncle Stanley agrees to put up a needy city kid for the summer as part of a charity program run by rich debutante Gloria. Abel immediately vetoes the plan but it is too late. The kid young Herman Washington is already on his way...
"164178 Through an online contest six fans were selected to film Iggy & the Stooges' legendary September 3 2010 reunion as the band performed ""Raw Power"" to a stunned crowd at the All Tomorrow's Parties Festival. Following the performance the fans met and interviewed the band. Experience the fans' and joy as they witness a classic performance and meet their heroes face to face.""In the Hands of the Fans"" brings the fans closer to the band and the music closer to you."
164247 Before he was the idol of millions before he was Hulk Hogan Terry Bollea was a fan with a dream. But even he couldn't imagine where that dream would lead. No one in sports-entertainment has had quite the ride that Hollywood Hulk Hogan has. For the past 18 years he has been the single most recognizable person in all of the industry. And for the majority of his 25-year career he has been on the short list of the game's elite headlining wherever he went and creating a cultural movement called Hulkamania in the process. This is his story.
164391 In 2004 director Michael Kloft (The Goebbels Experiment) accompanied government historians and surveyors as they inspected various underground tunnels bunkers and silos built by the Nazis between 1940 and 1945. Some mainly in Germany and occupied Poland were built as shelters to house high-ranking Nazi officials like Adolf Hitler Joseph Goebbels and Martin Bormann. Others in the northern coast of occupied France were constructed by Armaments Minister Albert Speer to serve as massive missile silos to launch V2 rocket attacks against London and eventually the United States. Interviews with surviving slave laborers and SS officials tell the story of how and why these tunnels were built. (from dvdverdict.com)
"164558 ""One Direction: This Is Us"" is a captivating and intimate all-access look at life on the road for the global music phenomenon. Weaved with stunning live concert footage this inspiring feature film tells the remarkable story of Niall Zayn Liam Harry and Louis' meteoric rise to fame from their humble hometown beginnings and competing on the X-Factor to conquering the world and performing at London’s famed O2 Arena. Hear it from the boys themselves and see through their own eyes what it's really like to be One Direction."
"164577 On ne change pas is Celine Dion's seventh home video release. It's a collection of her French music videos released on November 18 2005. It was the first time that Dion's greatest French videos were included on one DVD. On ne change pas also features over one hour of bonus material.  However the DVD does not include the music videos for ""Délivre-moi"" ""Ne partez pas sans moi"" and ""Je lui dirai.""  On ne change pas reached number 5 on the French Music DVD Chart and spent there thirty weeks.  It was certified 3x platinum for selling over 60000 copies. It peaked also at number 11 on the Italian Music DVD Chart.  All songs are available on the On ne change pas CD which was released on October 3 2005."
164650 Cass is the story of a middle class family in Detroit - a single father his fifteen-year old daughter and eleven-year old son - whose lives are changed when a mysterious artist takes up residence in the abandoned building next door. From the brilliant murals of the Diego Rivera courtyard to the hollowed-eyed homes in Detroit neighborhoods the film explores issues of passion - of what and who we long for - as well as the secrets we keep to protect ourselves and the ones we love.
165228 Featuring both the classic tunes and his newest works The Dave Brubeck Quartet entertains their fans with the energy and eloquence of true artists who love their job. Dave Brubeck - Take Five In A Quartet movie With Dave Brubeck on piano the talented Bobby Militello alternating between alto sax and flute the solid Michael Moore on bass and the always-captivating Randy Jones on drums no song goes wrong and every piece is a musical journey. Dave Brubeck - Take Five In A Quartet video Perhaps few jazz bands achieve such a complex and entertaining range of music so consistently as The Dave Brubeck Quartet.
165639 Money in the Bank was a PPV that  took place on July 18 2010 at the Sprint Center in Kansas City Missouri and presented by A&E's Criss Angel Mindfreak.  The main events were the two 8-man Money in the Bank matches. The Smackdown MiB match featured Big Show Matt Hardy Kane Christian Kofi Kingston Cody Rhodes Drew McIntyre and Dolph Ziggler.  The Raw MiB match featured Edge Chris Jericho Randy Orton Mark Henry The Miz Ted DiBiase Evan Bourne and John Morrison.  Sheamus defended his WWE Championship in a steel cage against John Cena Rey Mysterio defended his World heavyweight Championship against Jack Swagger and The Hart Dynasty defended the Tag Team Championship Belts against The Usos.
"165784 A short action film interwoven into a documentary tells the story of the legendary unsung heroes of Hong Kong film the stuntmen and women. This film features the world's most illustrious stuntmen and many current working stuntmen profiled through interviews and clips that showcase their work. It explores their death-defying feats and foolhardy working methods and traces their origin back to the original Hong Kong stuntmen known as ""red trousers"" - a term used to describe acrobats in Peking Opera. By incorporating the martial arts fantasy adventure short action film ""Lost Time"" the viewer is given an actual account of how stunts are created and executed on film."
"165944 Moussa (Djédjé Apali) is a young man from Burkina Faso. He lives in the village where he was born his parents his family and his wife Fatima. Although he prefers to call ""Bamako"" because it is there in the capital of Mali where he met before getting married and having a baby Mamadou. The field gives just enough to eat but this precarious balance is broken lately due to the long drought. Driven by the responsibility to help the family and after seeking opinion to the elders of his village Moussa decided to emigrate to Europe."
166598 A group of eleven recruits composed entirely of excruciating social stereotypes and one dorky camp instructor embark on a weekend-long work retreat in the quasi-wilderness of northern south-east Queensland. Everything goes relatively smoothly that is to say lamely until (you guessed it) one of the group turns out to be a homicidal maniac hell-bent on dispatching the others in a variety of creative ways. Based on the Pulitzer-Prize-winning novel (sic) The Killage is a wacky fright-filled journey into the darkest recesses of the human intestines. Bring a box of tissues.
"166674 Rock the Night: Collectors Edition is a DVD released by the Swedish hard rock band Europe. It features the music videos the band made from 1986 to 1992. The bonus material is live footage and interviews from Swedish TV. DVD format is DVD9.  The DVD was released as Rock the World in North America.  Videos:  1. The final countdown  2. Rock the night  3. Carrie  4. Cherokke  5. Superstitious  6. Open your heart  7. Let the good times rock  8. Prisoners on paradise  9. I'll cry for you  10. Halfway to heaven  Bonus features: - Rock-SM - Final 1982: ""In the Future to Come"" and ""The King Will Return"" (Live) + Award ceremony at Tyrol Stockholm. - Casablanca - 1983: Interview with the band in the studio. - Bagen / Rocksugen - 1984: ""Scream of Anger"" ""Ninja"" ""Dreamer"" and ""Memories"" (Live) at the club Studion in Stockholm. - Rapport - 1986: Tour report from Örebro Sweden. - Ritz - 1988: Report from the US tour with Def Leppard."
166879 On a flight home to Chicago for a family wedding childhood friends Josh and Molly innocently agree to fake a wedding engagement to make Josh's dying father happy. Things quickly get out of hand with their two boisterous families and a series of events causes them to pretend to be a couple and start planning a phony wedding. When the playacting begins to foster real feelings the two must make some serious decisions: Split up and return to their lives in LA or make a life as a couple back in Chicago?
167287 Zhao Guang is a hard-working chicken farmer whose self-made life has led him to dedicate himself to running the orphanage at his native Chinese village. His success with children leads him to local celebrity status including a speech on national television. When Zhao innocently announces that he hopes to be the father of all orphans however he finds himself flooded with scores of kids from all over the area looking for a dad. To save the village's honor and retain his model-citizen status he has to watch over no less than twenty-five unruly children each turning his life upside down.
167768 There is no place like it on the planet. Commonly called the four corners region it contains more National Parks and Monuments than anywhere else in the world.Go on a thrilling exploration that uncovers the geology of the Colorado Plateau and the forces that have shaped this marvelous landscape. Enjoy breath-taking aerial views as you soar over hundreds of acres of awe-inspiring beauty.  Discover the mystery and wonder of the Grand Canyon first-hand through in-depth interviews with the park rangers and ground tours that take you through the park just as if you were there yourself. The Colorado Plateau spans more than the states of New York Illinois Georgia and Virginia combined. Amidst all that landscape is one special gift for the human soul. To understand the awe-inspiring beauty is present in this one particular region of the planet this thrilling exploration that uncovers the geology of the Colorado Plateau and the forces that have shaped this marvelous landscape.
168278 Colors Live (stylized as Colors_LIVE) is the first video album from Between the Buried and Me was released on October 14 2008. The concert was filmed at the Rocketown in Nashville Tennessee on Friday August 2 2008. The album peaked at number 100 on the Billboard 200 chart.  The band played two sets during the concert—the first included the band's 2007 Colors album in its entirety and the second was of previously released songs as voted by fans via a special website. The DVD includes both sets. The audio CD contains only the band's performance of Colors.  The DVD is mixed in Dolby Stereo contrary to the most current live releases which make heavy use of surround sound. There is a slideshow on the DVD including photography from David Shaw and Eric Dale; both photographers took all photography for the CD and DVD.
168320 Adrian is a classic outsider. His playful dreamy imagination distracts him from everyday life for the reality he lives in could not be more different. Neither his chronically depressed uncle nor his overworked grandmother understand the ten-year-old’s games. His mother abandoned him when he was very young and he is bullied at school. Just as news arrives that three children are missing a new family moves in next door. Adrian develops a close relationship to their tomboyish ten-year-old daughter Nicole and believes he is getting close to solving the mys- tery of the missing children. New Zealand forms the backdrop for this universal story for adults and those who have never wanted to grow up. It is a story about friendship and loneliness emotions which Adrian already feels so poignantly as a child. The Danish first-time director’s expressive visual language dramatically merges water and air reality and a hint of fantasy.
168518 For the first time in over a decade The Rock is WWE Champion. But a fuming CM Punk is determined to make The Great One's reign a footnote in his enduring stretch of dominance. Plus six former World Heavyweight Champions enter the grueling Elimination Chamber for a chance to regain championship glory at WrestleMania. The bold new alliance of John Cena Ryback and Sheamus has emerged to inflict their own brand of justice on The Shield. And the vicious pursuit of vengeance reaches its limit when World Heavyweight Champion Alberto Del Rio takes on Big Show. It’s the most punishing stop on the Road to WrestleMania Elimination Chamber 2013!
168530 For the past two years high-school security guard Ben has been trying to show decorated APD detective James that he's more than just a video-game junkie who's unworthy of James' sister Angela. When Ben finally gets accepted into the academy he thinks he's earned the seasoned policeman's respect and asks for his blessing to marry Angela. Knowing that a ride along will demonstrate if Ben has what it takes to take care of his sister James invites him on a shift designed to scare the hell out of the trainee. But when the wild night leads them to the most notorious criminal in the city James will find that his new partner's rapid-fire mouth is just as dangerous as the bullets speeding at it.
"168607 Explore the world of 1893 through a cinematic visit to Chicago's Columbian Exposition. Many of the world's greatest achievements in art architecture science technology and culture are unveiled there. The grounds were designed by Frederick Law Olmsted famous for his design of New York City's Central Park and constructed under the supervision of Daniel Burnham. The Fair was an engineering marvel. On opening day President Grover Cleveland depressed a golden telegraph key which sent the first courses of electricity throughout the Fair powering fountains machines electric railways and thousands of lights. It was the first use of electricity on such a massive scale. Nearly 28 million visit the ""White City"" which inspires future innovators like Henry Ford Walt Disney and Frank Lloyd Wright and debuts the Ferris Wheel and Cracker Jack."
168610 This is the story of Nits a restless bum and a hopeless cynic as he returns from his journey with an obsessive intention of bringing back his ex- girlfriend and their beloved dog. She however throws him down the drain and so he finds himself contrary to his anti- political and anti-everything attitude stuck on top of a tree overlooking his beloved's apartment fearlessly leading an environmental battle against real estate sharks. For once in his life he finds some comfort by staying put. He refuses to disembark even when the bulldozers charge in. Perhaps it's because he's had enough time on the road and finally understands there's nowhere to run to and perhaps because he can't remember what he's doing up that tree in the first place.
168853 Long before the mountain bike entered our global consciousness the cycling enthusiasts of Northern California's Marin County rode modified pre-WWII bicycles down the slopes of Mount Tamalpais. They developed their bikes through rigorous field-testing often risking life and limb to do so. Some of these cyclists were Category-1 road racers looking for a new way to train during the off-season. Others were simply fun-loving hippies looking for a new way to commune with nature. Their early bikes were scavenged from dumpsters and junkyards. It was from these humble beginnings that a multi-billion dollar industry a form of recreation for the masses and an Olympic event were born. These hefty steeds were affectionately known as Klunkerz.
168864 Today in the United States by the simple acts of feeding ourselves we are unwittingly participating in the largest experiment ever conducted on human beings. Each of us unknowingly consumes genetically engineered food on a daily basis. The risks and effects to our health and the environment are largely unknown. Yet more and more studies are being conducted around the world which only provide even more reason for concern. We are the oblivious guinea pigs for wide-scale experimentation of modern biotechnology. GMO OMG tells the story of a fathers discovery of GMOs in relationship to his 3 young children and the world around him. We still have time to heal the planet feed the world and live sustainably. But we have to start now!
169108 Alan Lomax (1915-2002) was a song collector who recorded ordinary people who gave their heart and soul in front of his microphone.  The film maker decides to search for people Lomax recorded travelling through Europe in an old Volkswagen. His journey leads him past desolate Scottish islands through the withered interior of Spain and to isolated Italian mountain villages. The search is combined with conversations with colleagues and friends of Lomax. Throughout the movie every now and then we return to a frail but happy 86-year old Lomax. In this passionate and musical roadmovie we slowly discover why folk music can be so pretty and what could have once possessed the legendary Alan Lomax.
169510 Vera Parks an overly intense and demanding Broadway director gets fired from yet another job leaving her no choice but to take a gig directing a small town Christmas pageant in upstate New York. Stunned at how basic the production is Vera attempts to back out but is convinced by some of the locals to give their town a chance.  To her surprise the warmth and charm of the small town grows on Vera and she even enjoys the experience of directing the pageant. When Vera discovers her former fiancé Jack recommended her for the job she is outraged. But over time Vera appreciates the gesture as she grows close to both Jack and his young daughter. Will love stay in the wings this time around?
169607 Vivian Maier's photos were seemingly destined for obscurity lost among the clutter of the countless objects she'd collected throughout her life. Instead these images have shaken the world of street photography and irrevocably changed the life of the man who brought them to the public eye. This film brings to life the interesting turns and travails of the improbable saga of John Maloof's discovery of Vivian Maier unravelling this mysterious tale through her documentary films photographs odd collections and personal accounts from the people that knew her. What started as a blog to show her work quickly became a viral sensation in the photography world. Photos destined for the trash heap now line gallery exhibitions a forthcoming book and this documentary film.
"170178 Raymond Saxx Jr. a powerful record producer wakes from a drug-induced blackout to find himself locked up and classified ""K-11."" Plunged into a nightmarish world ruled by a transsexual diva named Mousey Raymond is truly a fish out of water. Complicating matters are a troubled young transgender named Butterfly a predatory child molester and the ruthless Sheriff's Deputy Lt. Johnson. Ray's struggle to contact the outside world and regain his freedom seems impossible but he must learn to navigate this new power structure if he is ever going survive and be in control of his life again."
170740 On the glorious battlefields of the American Revolution two great generals distinguished themselves; George Washington and Benedict Arnold. Washington is remembered as America's founding father Arnold as America's most notorious traitor. Benedict Arnold rose from humble origins to become the most respected and feared of America's generals. He won brilliant military victories against the English colonists and was Washington's favorite soldier. But two conflicting forces battled inside Arnold's heart; a deep concern for his country and his passionate love for an enchanting and manipulative English woman Peggy Shippen. Blinded by desire Arnold defected to the English army orchestrating an attempt to assassinate his own mentor George Washington.
"170884 Four landscape shots containing a replica of Ted Kaczynski’s cabin one shot per season. On the soundtrack Benning reads extracts from Kaczynski’s journals from the early 1970s recording his progress at hunting and gathering and his connection to the Montana wilderness; a hand-written folded sheet of paper detailing his acts of “monkey wrenching” and first attempts at planting bombs; two notebooks written in numerical code in 1985 and decoded by Benning in 2011; two excepts from Industrial Society and Its Future by ""FC"" (aka the Unabomber Manifesto) as published in The New York Times and The Washington Post in 1995; and a 2001 interview with Kaczynski by J. Alienus Rychalski special correspondent for the Blackfoot Valley Dispatch."
170968 Shickman the film’s central subject has been living in Phnom Penh Cambodia for 8 years along with his baby’s mama Saran.  He is the soul provider of the pair and earns his meager living by reading tarot cards street side.  Saran is Cambodian drinks often was once married to a man of which she had several kids with (all but one are in foster care).  Aside from having to contend with each other the two must also be weary of the human vultures that eye their daughters with hopes of turning a profit on the black market. Surely the future for these people are a bleak one.
171102 01. Steamy windows 02. Show some respect 03. I can't stand the rain 04. River deep mountain high 05. Missing you 06. Goldeneye 07. Addicted to love 08. Private dancer 09. Let's stay together 10. What's love got to do with it 11. I don't wanna fight 12. In your wildest dreams 13. When the heartache is over 14. We don't need another hero 15. It's only love (Bryan Adams with Tina Turner) 16. Tonight (David Bowie with Tina Turner) 17. Nutbush city limits 18. Better be good to me 19. Proud Mary 20. Whatever you need
171666 Grain Media and Burn Energy Drink tell the story of snowboarding through the eyes of the people who made it happen. From its origins in the culturally shifting 1960s to its boom in the 90s to its acceptance as a mainstream sport snowboarding has had a roller coaster history. A fully immersive archive film narrated by Jason Lee and a cast of dozens of snowboarders We Ride: The Story of Snowboarding is the first feature film to tell the story of how this outsiders' sport became huge.
171769 In the lush tradition of the glorious films of Merchant and Ivory comes the true life story of Leonie Gilmour (Emily Mortimer) whose life crossed continents wars and cultures embodied with courage and passion in search of art and freedom. A tender and inspiring story of a remarkable woman who nurtures the amazing artistic talent of her son who has only one way to succeed and one person to guide him as he grows into the world renown artist Isamu Noguchi.
171788 For over 130 years till 1996 more than 100000 of Canada's First Nations children were legally required to attend government-funded schools run by various Christian faiths. There were 80 of these 'residential schools' across the country. Most children were sent to faraway schools that separated them from their families and traditional land. These children endured brutality physical hardship mental degradation and the complete erasure of their culture. The schools were part of a wider program of assimilation designed to integrate the native population into 'Canadian society.' These schools were established with the express purpose 'To kill the Indian in the child.' Told through their own voices 'We Were Children' is the shocking true story of two such children: Glen Anaquod and Lyna Hart.
171910 Harris Glenn Milstead aka Divine (1945-1988) was the ultimate outsider turned underground hero. Spitting in the face of the status quos of body image gender identity sexuality and preconceived notions of beauty Divine succeeded in becoming an internationally recognized icon recording artist and character actor of stage and screen. Glenn went from the often-mocked schoolyard fat kid to underdog royalty standing up for millions of gay men and women drag queens and punk rockers and countless other socially ostracized misfits and freaks. With a completely committed in-your-face style he blurred the line between performer and personality and revolutionized pop culture.
172300 Hit For Six! is the story of a playboy West Indies cricketer who is still fighting the demons of his past which includes a match-fixing charge. He learns about love as he struggles for his last chance to play in a major global tournament. And he desperately wants to earn the respect of his estranged father a former great West Indies cricketer.  This inspirational and emotional drama punctuated with excitement intrigue and love recounts how Alex Nelson a talented but inconsistent cricketer has been sidelined from the West Indies team for scuffling with his coach Amir Misra of India. Blackballed by the team for three years he pursues an unlikely quest to get back on the team for a last chance to play in the Global One Day Series — an opportunity unfairly denied to his father.
172428 Joseph (Roy Scheider) a retired New York police officer and Holocaust survivor travels to Nuremberg to visit his son Ronnie (Scott Cohen) years after turning his back on him for rejecting a promising career in the NYPD and marrying a local artist Anna (Calita Rainford). No sooner does Joseph attempt to heal the rift with Ronnie then he swears that living in the apartment above under the false name of Shrager is the now aging SS Commander (Helmut Berger) who slaughtered his entire family during World War II. With little hope of seeing him stand trial Joseph talks Ronnie into exacting justice - and vengeance - and together they set out to kill him. Flashbacks reveal the teenage love of Young Joseph (Alexander Newton) for a heroic Polish girl Kashka (Sarah Bolger) and his narrow escape from the massacre leading to the film's climax.
"172732 FESTED: A Journey To Fest 7 is a documentary film about a group of friends' experience at the yearly punk music festival held in Gainesville Florida simply called The Fest.  It was filmed over two weeks spent in Gainesville around Fest 7 in 2008. The film follows Gainesville's SPANISH GAMBLE (formerly DIRTY MONEY) and friends on their quest to play and experience the epic weekend-long festival that has been called things like ""punk rock christmas"" ""a big drunk punk rock bearded tattooed family reunion"" and ""the last true home of punk rock""."
"173066 Militainment Inc. offers a fascinating disturbing and timely glimpse into the militarization of American popular culture examining how U.S. news coverage has come to resemble Hollywood film video games and ""reality television"" in its glamorization of war. Mobilizing an astonishing range of media examples - from news anchors' idolatry of military machinery to the impact of government propaganda on war reporting - the film asks: How has war taken its place in the culture as an entertainment spectacle? And how does presenting war as entertainment affect the ability of citizens to evaluate the necessity and real human costs of military action?"
173192 In 1986 Michael Morton’s wife Christine is brutally murdered in front of their only child and Michael is convicted of the crime. Locked away in Texas prisons for a quarter century he has years to ponder questions of justice and innocence truth and fate. Though he is virtually invisible to society a team of dedicated attorneys spends years fighting for the right to test DNA evidence found at the murder scene. Their discoveries ultimately reveal that the price of a wrongful conviction goes well beyond one man’s loss of freedom.
173228 SOMETHING NECESSARY is an intimate moment in the lives of Anne and Joseph. A woman struggling to rebuild her life after the civil unrest that swept Kenya after the 2007 elections claiming the life of her husband the health of her son and leaving her home on an isolated farm in the Kenyan countryside in ruins she now has nothing but her resolve to rebuild her life left. A young man troubled gang member who participated in the countrywide violence is drawn to Anne and her farm seemingly in search of redemption. Both Joseph and Anne need something that only the other can give to allow them to shed the painful memories of their past and move on.
173312 Gamer Age is the most comprehensive study to date on the world of video games. Exploring the evolution of gaming as well as the immeasurable impact it's had on mainstream popular culture. It surveys the history of video games from arcades to mobile phones examining the legacy and future of the medium. We shot hundreds of hours of footage chronicling everything from massive fighting game tournaments in Las Vegas to Wii sporting events held at the local retirement home. An extreme love for video games has become quite the global phenomenon. They are influencing and inspiring people in ways that go well beyond just sitting there and actually playing them. We are now a society made up of button mashers and home brew tinkerers.
173327 From Bedrooms to Billions is a 2014 documentary film by British filmmakers Anthony Caulfield and Nicola Caulfield that tells the story of the British video games industry from 1979 to the present day. The film focuses on how the creativity and vision of a relatively small number of individuals allowed the UK to play a key pioneering role in the shaping of the billion dollar video games industry which today dominates the modern world's entertainment landscape. The film features interviews with major British game designers journalists and musicians from across the last 30 years.
"173433 94-year-old New Yorker Jack Beers has broken the age barrier full force. He can do what most young men can and his diverse lifetime achievements would take many to accomplish. The film begins with Mayor Bloomberg acknowledging Jack we see Jack's name on the marquee of Radio City Music Hall and at 94 he rips a telephone book into 4 pieces with his hands. Jack was raised in poverty in Manhattan was a strongman built Radio City Music Hall at The Manhattan Project he invented something that shortened WW2 erected the Empire State Building spire was a professional dog trainer was a film actor in 200+ films beat terminal illnesses and today rides 5 miles on a stationary bike. He's ""goin' for 100!"""
173512 In the early 70’s Rock photographer Bob Gruen and his wife Nadya purchased a portable Video Recorder. In a period of three years they shot over 40 hours of New York Dolls footage. Now for the first time ever this footage is unveiled. This feature length documentary captures the band during early performances in New York at Kenny’s Castaways and Max’s Kansas City then follows the Dolls on their tour of the West Coast including footage from the Whisky A Go Go the Real Don Steele Show Rodney Bingenheimer’s E Club and much more. Intercut with revealing interviews backstage banter and late night debauchery this is THE definitive document of the New York Dolls.
"173832 John Shuttleworth live on stage discussing the minutiae of life supplemented with songs on his trusty keyboard and a special guest appearance from Brian Appleton.  For the unitiated...John Shuttleworth is a fictional singer-songwriter and radio presenter created by English comedy actor and musician Graham Fellows in 1986. Shuttleworth is in his late 50s and is from Walkley in Sheffield South Yorkshire. He has a quiet manner and slightly nerdish tendencies. His musical talents are usually expressed through his Yamaha PSS portable keyboard and include ""Pigeons in Flight"" – a song which Shuttleworth attempted to have selected for the Eurovision Song Contest."
174011 Groucho: A Life In Revue highlights the legendary comedian’s life and amazing career. Written by the ultimate authority – Groucho’s son Arthur Marx – this comedy with music chronicles the unparalleled rags-to-riches story of America’s funniest entertainer. Groucho is portrayed by Frank Ferrante whose more than 2000 performances in this role have earned him critical acclaim worldwide. Groucho: A Life In Revue entertains as a comedy a play and as a musical. With ten songs and musical underscore throughout the score captures the comic genius and wildness of Groucho the Marx Brothers and the times in which they lived.
174344 In the harsh wintry woods of rural Quebec Bruce (Thomas Haden Church) a down-on-his-luck snowplow operator accidentally kills a man during a drunken night joyride. Stricken with panic he hides the body and takes to the deep wilderness in hopes of outrunning both the authorities and his own conscience. But as both begin to close in Bruce falls apart mentally and morally and mysteries unravel to reveal who he was before the accident the truth behind his victim and the circumstances that brought them together in a single moment.
174400 A neurotic best-selling author on love with the heightened emotional capacity of a woman can write so eloquently about the subject but can’t keep girls from leaving him. After he comes back to his apartment in New York City to find his fiancé with another man he returns to his hometown and the only woman he ever left his mother. There he renews his relationships with the people that matter the most his family and friends. By a simple twist of fate he meets a free-spirited bookseller who challenges him to let people appreciate him for who he is.
175045 In ha-Argazim a neighborhood that time forgot the one-year anniversary of Morris Mandabon's death is approaching and his youngest son Nissim has had a dream in which his father orders him to re-open the old neighborhood movie theater thus breaking the vow that Morris had made years before never to screen movies again. Nissim and his brother George together with Aharon Gabardine who was the projectionist back in the old days are determined to fulfill Morris' request. The same day Nissim has his dream Avram Mandabon Morris' brother returns for his brother's memorial after a 25-year absence. His reappearance causes old family feuds to resurface.
"175678 Filmmaker Lech Kowalski explores his belief that struggle is ""the epitome of living"" in this documentary which compares the wildly different life experiences of himself and his mother. Kowalski's mother came of age in Poland during the early stages of World War II and after failed attempts to outrun both Nazi and Russian forces she and her family were sent to a Soviet concentration camp where inmates were tortured mistreated and starved to the point where some ate their own lice in a desperate struggle to survive. Kowalski also depicts his own self-inflicted season in hell during his years on the New York City punk rock scene as he wallowed in the sordid underbelly of drug addiction pornography prostitution and streetwise decadence. On both stories Kowalski finds a message of hope and strength in the midst of almost certain peril."
176069 A bittersweet coming-of-age film Foreign Letters is itself a love letter to the unshakeable bond between friends. Set in the pre-email era of the 1980s young Ellie newly arrived to the US from Israel anxiously waits for letters from her best friend back home. Suffering from homesickness language difficulties and rejection at school life brightens when she meets Thuy a Vietnamese refugee her age. As the two bond and become inseparable they eventually hurt each other and Ellie must find a way to restore their trust. Based on director Ela Thier's personal immigration experience Foreign Letters is a film about poverty prejudice shame and the healing power of friendship.
176112 Riverdance the Irish hard-shoe sensation that took PBS viewers by storm underwent its second incarnation with Live from New York City a 1996 performance filmed at Radio City Music Hall. While most of the attributes from 1995's Riverdance: The Show remain--the dazzling ensemble choreography Bill Whelan's energetic score and the New Age-y view of Celtic mythology--the most significant difference is at the top where Colin Dunne replaced bombastic lead dancer Michael Flatley. Though lacking Flatley's bravura Dunne is a superb technician who works well with Flatley's former co-lead Jean Butler. Flamenco dancer Maria Pagis returns as do the Riverdance Singers (formerly known as Anuna) with soloist Katie McMahon and the orchestra with fiery fiddler Eileen Ivers.
176180 Teen r&amp;b/hip-hop boy band 'Mindless Behavior' has been stirring up a frenzy wherever they go singing and dancing their way into the hearts of millions as they travel across the US on their first major headlining tour. Coming from humble roots and rising to super stardom Roc Royal Ray Ray Princeton and Prodigy hit the road for the biggest tour of their lives. From their early aspirations of becoming stars to fulfilling their wildest dreams this concert documentary captures the movement that is 'Mindless Behavior' which reminds us all that with hard.
176182 50 % of the world’s population lives in urban areas. By 2050 this will increase to 80%. Life in a mega city is both enchanting and problematic. Today we face peak oil climate change loneliness and severe health issues due to our way of life. But why? The Danish architect and professor Jan Gehl has studied human behavior in cities through 40 years. He has documented how modern cities repel human interaction and argues that we can build cities in a way which takes human needs for inclusion and intimacy into account.
176251 TNA Lockdown (2013) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion which took place on March 10 2013 at the Alamodome in San Antonio Texas.  It was the ninth under the Lockdown chronology and second event in the 2013 TNA PPV schedule. The event broke ground for TNA's largest domestic attendance record shattering their previous record at Slammiversary 2012.  Eight matches were featured on the card.  Kenny King VS Christian York VS Zema Ion  |  Velvet Sky VS Gail Kim  |  Robbie T VS Robbie E  |  Austin Aries and Bobby Roode VS Bad Influence (Christopher Daniels and Kazarian) VS Chavo Guerrero and Hernandez  |  Wes Brisco VS Kurt Angle  |  Team TNA (Sting Magnus Samoa Joe James Storm and Eric Young) VS Aces & Eights (Devon Mr. Anderson Knox DOC and Garett Bischoff)  |  Bully Ray VS Jeff Hardy
176339 Wealthy American housewife Mary Morgan takes her bullied son George out of school for home educationincluding a trip to Southern Africa. Whilst in Mozambique George is bitten by a mosquito which crawls through a hole in his net and dies of malaria. After his funeral at home Mary feels a compulsion to return to Africa where she meets English woman Martha O'Connellwhose 24 year old son Ben a teacher with voluntary service overseashas also died of malaria. Ben gave his net to one of his pupilsbelieving adults cannot catch malaria. The two women are shocked to see the high death rate caused by the disease andwhilst Martha stays in Africa as a voluntary helperMary petitions the American government to change things. Martha turns up at Mary's house unannounced andhelped by Mary's ex-diplomat fatherthey address a senate committee on health spendingpersuading them to do more to combat malaria. They meet with some success though a coda states that much more can be done.
176715 NDP Leader Jack Layton was fluently bilingual glib sometimes flashy full of energy and always media-friendly. He loved to entertain and uplift his co-workers with a strum on his guitar and spirit in his voice (which wasn't particularly good but he sang with gusto). Growing up in a political family Layton was a left-wing Toronto city councillor for 17 years and spent a year as head of the Federation of Canadian Municipalities. He became leader of the federal New Democratic Party in 2003... The NDP became the Official Opposition for the first time in history. Going into the 2011 federal election... Written by (STAFF)
177203 When the space shuttle Challenger blew up in 1986 it was the most shocking event in the history of American spaceflight. The deaths of seven astronauts including the first teacher in space Christa McAuliffe were watched live on television by millions of viewers. But what was more shocking was that the cause of the disaster might never be uncovered. The Challenger is the story of how Richard Feynman one of America's most famous scientists helped to discover the cause of a tragedy that stunned America.
177221 In rural Connecticut baseball players Ben and Mickey are trying to survive a zombie plague. They are forced to form a battery: a catcher and a pitcher who work together to outwit the batter the one who hits the ball. And the batter in this case just happens to be a zombie. Tough Ben and gentle Mickey frequently disagree on the best way to go about the situation. Then they suddenly hear a human voice through their walkie-talkies. Is salvation nearby like Mickey thinks or is Ben’s suspicion justified?
177324 Because We Can Tour Cleveland March 9th 2013  SETLIST: You Give Love a Bad Name  Raise Your Hands  Lost Highway  Because We Can  That's What the Water Made Me  It's My Life  Someday I'll Be Saturday Night  What About Now  Work for the Working Man  We Got It Goin' On  Keep the Faith  Amen  Bed of Roses  I'll Be There for You  Runaway  We Weren't Born to Follow  I'll Sleep When I'm Dead  Wanted Dead or Alive  Who Says You Can't Go Home  Bad Medicine  ENCORE: (You Want to) Make a Memory  In These Arms  Born to Be My Baby  Have a Nice Day  Livin' on a Prayer  I Love This Town  Always.
177478 Arguably the most influential person in American comics Will Eisner as artist entrepreneur innovator and visual storyteller enjoyed a career that encompassed comic books from their early beginnings in the 1930s to their development as graphic novels in the 1990s. During his sixty-year-plus career Eisner introduced the now-traditional mode of comic book production; championed mature sophisticated storytelling; was an early advocate for using the medium as a tool for education; pioneered the now-popular graphic novel and served as inspiration for generations of artists. Without a doubt Will Eisner was the godfather of the American comic book.
177660 The Unusual Suspects: Once Upon a Time in House Music recounts the history and origins of the genre of dance music known as house. The documentary takes a comprehensive look beginning with disco the mother of house music to legendary nightclubs such as the Warehouse and The Loft. Lifestyles and the general culture of house fans are also explored. Featured interviewees include Jesse Saunders Robert Owens Joe Smooth Frankie Knuckles Julius The Mad Thinker Steve Silk Hurley Loleatta Holloway Larry Heard (aka Mr. Fingers) Carl Bias (Master C&amp;J) Jere McCallister and many more.
177918 Α Bengalese architect builds library boats that can bring books to people even during the monsoon season. Α Mongolian author packs two boxes full of books each summer to provide reading material to children in remote areas. Α Kenyan librarian leads caravans of camels loaded with boxes of books to the nomadic tribes bordering Somalia. Despite the heat wind rain or snow they still manage their long journeys. This film about the fascinating world of mobile libraries tells of unusual means of transportation and adventurous travel of different cultures and lifestyles of the worries aspirations and dreams of people in these areas – of books that change lives – and of book lovers who take on unbelievable challenges in order to provide people in the remotest areas of the world with reading material. A film about the love of literature and the respect for knowledge that accepts no boundaries.
178189 There is one vibratory field that connects all things. It has been called Akasha Logos the primordial OM the music of the spheres the Higgs field dark energy and a thousand other names throughout history. The vibratory field is at the root of all true spiritual experience and scientific investigation. It is the same field of energy that saints Buddhas yogis mystics priests shamans and seers have observed by looking within themselves. Many of history's monumental thinkers such a Pythagoras Kepler Leonardo DaVinci Tesla and Einstein have come to the threshold of this great mystery. It is the common link between all religions all sciences and the link between our inner worlds and our outer worlds.
178221 In 1818 when Joseph Mohr is assigned to be the new assistant priest in Oberndorf a small Austrian town near Salzburg the young man is full of ideas and ideals. His passion to bring the church closer to the common people sets him on a collision course with his new superior Father Nostler. When Mohr organizes a church choir that includes outcasts from the local tavern and performs in German instead of Latin Nostler threatens him with disciplinary action. Their relationship further deteriorates when Maria a regular tavern patron surprisingly joins the performance of the all-male church choir. As Mohr's initial successes start to crumble and his efforts backfire on him he loses all hope and faces a trial of faith. The night before Christmas Mohr has to decide if he will accept defeat and leave Oberndorf or embrace the true significance of the Holy Night.
178278 Philip Roth arguably America’s greatest living novelist turns 80 on March 19. In 1959 his collection of short stories Goodbye Columbus put him on the map and 10 years later his hilarious ribald best-seller Portnoy’s Complaint gave rise to the first of many Roth-related controversies in which Judaism sex the role of women and the parent-child relationship would take center stage. In candid interviews the Pulitzer Prize-winner discusses his distinctly unliterary upbringing in Newark NJ his admiration for Saul Bellow and Bernard Malamud and how Zuckerman may or may not be his alter-ego. Nathan Englander Mia Farrow Jonathan Franzen and Martin Garbus are among those who talk about the man and his writing. Franzen in particular praises Roth for “how brave he must have been to have methodically offended everybody and to have exposed parts of himself no one had ever exposed before.”
178675 A film journey through a universe of female masculinity. A legendary Drag King Night in New York is the point of departure for an odyssey to transgendered worlds where women become men - some for a night others for their whole lives. What motivates them? What changes take place? What do they dream of? The drag kings of New York meet in clubs and change lustfully into their male alter egos parodying them and exploring male eroticism and power strategies. In London we see women experiment with hormones to become new men and 'cyborgs'. Masculinity and transformation as performance subversion or existential necessity.
179111 During the Civil War in 17th-Century England a small group of deserters flee from a raging battle through an overgrown field. They are captured by an alchemist who forces the group to aid him in his search to find a hidden treasure that he believes is buried in the field. Crossing a vast mushroom circle which provides their first meal the group quickly descend into a chaos of arguments fighting and paranoia and as it becomes clear that the treasure might be something other than gold they slowly become victim to the terrifying energies trapped inside the field.
"179296 No matter how beloved a wrestling superstar becomes there is always a point during his career when he turns heel. Hulk Hogan did it the Rock did it but no one did it better than Stone Cold Steve Austin in 2001. The beer-swilling bird-flipping ""Bionic Redneck"" went from trailer-trash American hero to a hated vicious psychopath and as this DVD proves he loved every minute of it. Stone Cold Steve Austin: What? covers all of the major events of Austin's yearlong heel period from his shocking turn at WrestleMania 17 (the conclusion of a bloody legendary match with the Rock) to his alliance with Vince McMahon and Triple H to his reign of chair-bashing terror over the entire WWE roster (women and announcers included). All of it is narrated by Austin from his ranch and he offers droll insight into his character. The DVD also contains a ton of solid extras including complete matches with Triple H and Ricky Steamboat. It's a must for any Austin fan. --Dave McCoy"
179644 Lifei decides to set up a mushroom farm in the desert between Dubai and Abu Dhabi with her best friend. It's been hard earned cash for these 2 Chinese girls in working in Dubai now they are ready to go clean become business women. Life quickly gets tough for the girls and whereas her best friend is quick to return to her former life Lifei is resolute. She has to manage a team of workers from Bangladesh find investors and keep growing and delivering mushrooms throughout Dubai. Just as she gets a grip on the matter and gains some control over her life personal tragedy pushes her to return to China. The only problem is she is unable to leave until she pays back the mounting debt she has got herself into.
179660 Take 6 gorgeous guys and 6 gorgeous girls place them together in halls of r4esidence and watch the sparks fly! Luke likes Mel who likes David who likes Nicole. Jack and Cass keep splitting up (but only at the end of each term). Steph faces some major lifestyle decisions Beth thinks that everyone is after her body and NOBODY seems to be doing any work! Inbetweeners covers all the important issues; namely sex love temptation identity and friendship...and how to steal a traffic cone!
180292 What drove a company of American soldiers – ordinary young men from around the country – to commit the worst atrocity in American military history? Were they “just following orders” as some later declared? Or did they break under the pressure of a vicious war in which the line between enemy soldier and civilian had been intentionally blurred?  American Experience focuses on the 1968 My Lai massacre its subsequent cover-up and the heroic efforts of the soldiers who broke ranks to try to halt the atrocities and then bring them to light.
180302 Based on a true story STOLEN is an emotional thriller about every parent's greatest fear. Kahu Durie - the adopted baby daughter of Maori High Court Judge Justice Eddie Durie and prominent lawyer Donna Hall - is snatched at gunpoint as Donna pushes the pram in the street. Nine tense days follow and the nation is gripped by brave television appeals for the baby's safe return. Following Donna Hall's emotional public plea a letter arrives demanding the highest ransom in New Zealand's history. The police work tirelessly and the net closes on a secluded house...Terence Traynor became intent on committing a perfect crime motivated by greed and inspired by American TV.
180356 Ant colonies are one of the wonders of nature: complex organised… and mysterious. This programme reveals the secret underground world of the ant colony in a way that’s never been seen before.  At its heart is a massive full-scale ant nest specially designed and built to allow cameras to see its inner workings. The nest is a new home for a million-strong colony of leafcutter ants from Trinidad.  For a month entomologist Dr George McGavin and leafcutter expert Prof Adam Hart capture every aspect of the life of the colony using time-lapse cameras microscopes microphones and radio tracking technology.  The programme explores how these tiny insects can achieve such spectacular feats of collective organisation. It also reveals the workings of one of the most complex and mysterious societies in the natural world – and shows the surprising ways in which ants are helping us solve global problems.
"180399 Welcome to the over-the-top extravagant world of Leigh Bowery a key figure in New Romanticism and London nightlife in the 1980s. With his bizarre outfits a mix of kitsch and fetish and his eccentric performances he influenced artists musicians and stylists like Boy George Lucian Freud (of whom he became the muse) Vivienne Westwood Anthony and the Johnsons John Galliano and David LaChapelle. Born in Australia into an intensely religious family and brought up in a Melbourne suburb Leigh moved to London where he worked as a fashion designer and a promoter and started the legendary disco club night ""Taboo"" the first outrageous polysexual party in London. The documentary offers a fully rounded portrait of this artist including interviews with the people who knew him who describe a complex extreme and ironic personality a performer actor and designer ahead of his time from his difficult early life to international success up to his death in 1994."
180405 On the evening of her 18th birthday Molly Dawes finds herself drunk and is sick in the doorway of an army recruitment office. She looks into the window of the office and sees a life-sized photograph of an army girl everything that Molly isn't but wants to be - respected. The following morning Molly finds herself back in the recruitment office and  is eventually persuaded to complete an aptitude test. No-one thinks she can stick it out including herself. But slowly and surely Molly is maturing and learning to believe in herself. She digs in and finds a strength that she never thought she had.
180446 At last a film on the history of clowns these poets of the absurd these “men under construction” as the poet Henri Michaux described them. From the beginning of the 20th century with Charlie Chaplin to the present day with James Thierrée his grandson this archival film relates the evolution of clowns across the world identifies affinities and marks breaking points. The whole range of the art of the clown is represented from Popov’s and Slava’s obsession with perfection to Fratellini’s or Semianyki’s clumsiness as art. A saga like a wild poetic gospel which showcases their humorous dimension but also underscores their tragic aspect. With complex characters such as Buster Keaton and Jacques Tati who make us shiver by the accuracy of their take on the human condition and remind us with Fellini that clowns don the ridiculousness of mankind.
180649 Pam meets Rico an Ivatan and decides to leave her stressful life in the city to follow him to Batanes to meet his parents Boy and Lydia and marry him. Pam tries to adapt to the Ivatan way of life but hates the sea that Rico loves so much. Her hatred for the sea intensifies when her husband Rico dies in a fishing accident. Pam is devastated and decides to go back to Manila. But when she sensed that the sea was laughing at her failure she chose to stay in Batanes to be with Rico's family. In one of her trips to the sea she accidentally meets Kao Ken Chu a Taiwanese whom she rescues during a storm. As they spend time together the two eventually fall for each other despite language barriers and cultural differences.
180679 A dark comedy about an eclectic group of strangers invited to a downtown bar by a mutual ex-lover Nikki Franklyn a maddeningly sexy unpredictable and possibly insane young woman who's recently gotten out of prison for murdering her last ex-boyfriend. The party really gets started when Nikki herself arrives hauling her latest lover and fiancee the morally challenged lawyer who'd been handling her case. She's mysterious about her intentions and her current and former lovers soon realize they are all caught in one of her brilliant mischievous mind-games with possible deadly consequences. By the night's end revenge will be had new romance will bloom and Nikki will have delivered on her reputation as the Sexy Evil Genius.
180688 Bloom Towne is a small-town sheriff under the thumb of the well-established deeply influential Mayor Dick Cavanaugh's family. When Bloom's two teenage sons Nate and Skylar accidentally shoot and kill Dick during a deer-hunt Bloom's long-held allegiance to the reigning Cavanaugh clan is tested. Skylar (still a minor) decides to take the wrap for his older brother Nate claiming he fired the fatal shot. The Cavanaugh family's quick retaliation sends Skylar on his way to county jail soon to be tried as an adult. Desperate and guilt-ridden Nate breaks Skylar out of jail and sets off a chain of lawless acts which send them deep into the woods and on the run. Bloom's choice between the law and his sons leads to revelations of old family secrets that threaten to destroy everything he loves.
180760 Scream of the Bikini is a 1960s action-spy-thriller by acclaimed South American director Fernando Fernandez. Jasmine Orosco and Paola Apanapal are Bridget and Sophia: gorgeous super models by day brutal bounty hunters by night. Murder intrigue and pillow fights await our beautiful leading ladies at every turn as they match wits and martial arts with a coterie of madmen and women bent on world domination. Filmed somewhere in South America in 1966 and poorly translated and dubbed by Germans this unintentionally funny James Bond meets Barbarella love child plumbs the seedy depths of the international fashion model/psycho-killer underworld with a boldness that only a gun to the head can provide.
180790 Adapted from a 1979 stage play written by Chicago's Organic Theater Company BLEACHER BUMS details the exploits of a group of baseball fans as they sit in the bleachers of Lakeview Park watching a game between the hometown Bruins take on the St. Louis Eagles. Marvin (Brad Garrett) and Decker (Peter Riegert) gamble. So does Zig (Wayne Knight) even though his wife constantly nags him about the money he loses. Meanwhile blind Greg (Matt Craven) enjoys the game through pretty Melody (Sarain Boylan) who describes it to him. A seasoned ensemble case of TV and film veterans create winning chemistry in this slice-of-life comedy.
180894 Fight everyone and trust no one: it's the code of survival practiced by martial-arts master Casey Bowman after his life of domestic bliss is shattered by a savage act of violence. Vowing revenge the fearless American stealthily tracks the killer from Osaka to Bangkok to Rangoon with the help of a wise and crafty sensei. His only clues: a series of victims whose necks bear the distinctive mark of strangulation by barbed wire. Fighting to avenge as well as to survive Casey must sharpen his razor-like responses and take his battle skills to the next level even using deep meditation to fake his own death. His target: the sinister drug lord Goro who is flooding the streets with deadly meth cooked at his remote jungle factory. To prepare for his ultimate confrontation Casey must finally become an invisible warrior worthy of the name Ninja. But just when his prey is cornered an unexpected twist shows Casey that his battle is only beginning: he truly can trust no one.
180955 The film revolves around Norman a world-weary manager of a pier theatre in a seaside resort. Norman has worked in the theatre for all of his life but will not accept that the local council which own the theatre are planning to install more commercial management in an attempt to boost audience numbers. As the story unfolds he realises it may be time to move on and put behind him the ghost of 50s & 60s singer Alma Cogan who performed at the theatre many years ago. Sandra his devoted long-suffering assistant and Norman decide to leave the theatre to fulfill her dream of being a professional singer and unexpectedly enjoying a late blossoming romance. From Wikipedia.
181135 Jacob Fisher an Orthodox Jewish Cantor and amateur songwriter who resides in Brooklyn New York witnesses the senseless murder of his wife and three children. Catatonic Jacob walks out on his Jewish mourning ritual leaving behind his Jewish garments wallet and keys. Abandoning his identity he wanders aimlessly hoping somehow to understand his tragedy. Fortuitously he lands in Brent Alabama (population 2500) where he is embraced by Nina a single mother and the lead singer of a small gospel choir her Uncle Moe and their gospel community.
182109 Milo an isolated 10-year-old boy with 'sensitive skin' lives a life rigidly controlled by his father. Sparked by his first friendship he runs away from home to attend the school camping trip - but never arrives. He falls into the hands of an ageing criminal couple with whom he enjoys pure freedom from constraint - until he learns the shocking truth about his skin condition. Filled with doubt about his father's love for him Milo must try to come to terms with who he really is.
"182530 Drummer Winston Watson performed 400 shows with Bob Dylan over five years traveling the world 10 times over. Watson energized Dylan fans and Bob Dylan himself with his joyful and dynamic drumming style as he helped launch Dylan's ""Never Ending Tour"" in 1992 that continues to this day. Winston Watson chronicled his incredible 5-year journey with Bob Dylan in daily personal diaries and in home video footage with his Video 8 camera. Now Watson shares it all in a never-before-told insider account revealing behind-the-scenes details of the thrilling and challenging journey as drummer for the legendary Bob Dylan. A skilled storyteller Watson paints an intimate portrait of Bob Dylan's band life on tour Dylan's music and the mercurial brilliant Bob Dylan himself."
182589 In this resplendent and magical classic the Bolshoi dancers - including David Hallberg in his Bolshoi debut - take us on a dream-like journey through this classic fairy tale complete with jewel fairies a magical kingdom a youthful princess and a handsome prince in this purest style of classical ballet. The Bolshoi’s sumptuous staging with its luxurious sets and costumes gives life to Perrault’s fairy tale unlike any other. This performance of Sleeping Beauty was filmed as a sort of celebration of the grand reopening of the Bolshoi Theater's Main Stage (it had been closed for several years for a refurbishment).
182830 A documentary about the Blues and the history of the USA. Maarten Schmidt and Thomas Doebele went in search of older generations of blues performers and their modern successors rappers and hip-hoppers. They traveled to the Mississippi Delta the cotton fields of the American South the birthplace of the low blues. The blues performers talk and sing about the past slavery discrimination God the wars in Vietnam and Afghanistan and love. They sing about the current economic crisis and their expectations of Barack Obama. Will the hope for a change they express be heard?
182986 King of the Travellers is a contemporary drama grounded in the traditions of the Irish traveller community and driven by emotive Shakespearean themes of love betrayal friendship and revenge. The story follows John Paul Moorehouse on his destructive quest to uncover the truth about the killer of his father twelve years ago. John Paul's desire for revenge is swayed as he falls for Winnie Power the daughter of the man he suspects killed his father. John Paul must now battle between his consuming passion for justice versus his desire to be with the woman he now loves.
184397 TNA honored and paid tribute to the X-Division as the past present and future X-Division stars collided. As part of his retirement tour this was Lynn's final match in TNA. It took place on January 12 2013 from the Impact Wrestling Zone in Orlando Florida and aired on PPV on April 5 2013.  Christian York VS Alex Silva vs Jimmy Rave vs Lince Dorado vs Matt Bentley vs Puma vs Sam Shaw  |  Douglas Williams and Kid Kash VS Rashad Cameron and Anthony Nese  |  Chavo Guerrero defeated Robbie E with Joseph Park as Special Guest Referee  |  Kenny King defeated Zema Ion Rubix and Mason Andrews  |  Bad Influence (Christopher Daniels and Kazarian) VS Petey Williams and Sonjay Dutt  |  Rob Van Dam VS Jerry Lynn  |  Austin Aries VS Samoa Joe
184902 After Dathomir falls prey to a merciless attack by General Grievous Asajj Ventress survives to join a bounty hunter clan led by a young Boba Fett. Meanwhile the dark warrior Savage Opress returns to his creator the witch Mother Talzin who gives him a sinister mission: to search the galaxy for his brother Sith Apprentice Darth Maul. Believed dead for over a decade after falling to the sword of then Jedi Apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi Darth Maul is nearly unrecognizable residing in the bowels of a ruined planet and fueled by hatred. Savage Opress delivers the shattered Maul to Mother Talzin to restore his former powers and the brothers vow an oath of vengeance against Obi-Wan Kenobi.
"185248 A man wakes up alone in the middle of the desert with a black hood on his head and his hands tied behind his back. At death's door he is discovered by a woman living alone in the desert and is nursed back to health. Upon regaining consciousness the man realizes he has amnesia and has no idea who he is. His only clue a piece of paper in his pocket with the name ""Manny Elder"" on it sends him on a journey to Los Angeles to discover his past. But things and people are not what they seem and clues lead to something bigger and more unusual than the man could have ever imagined."
185284 Set in the Bronx BABYGIRL is a bittersweet drama about teenager Lena who since she can remember has watched her mom Lucy squander her life on a series of deadbeat men. When Victor (her mom's latest boy toy) starts hitting on her Lena sets up an elaborate honey-trap hoping to show her mom what a scumbag the guy really is. But the plan backfires. Trapped in a twisted love triangle between Victor and her mom Lena realizes that the only way out is to stand up and confront some difficult home truths.
185326 Is it true what they say in Spamalot (“You won’t make it on Broadway if you don’t have any Jews”)? Tracing Broadway’s Yiddish roots and exploring back-stories behind many landmark shows from Showboat to Wicked filmmaker Michael Kantor chronicles the unique role of Jewish musicians in the creation of the modern American musical. This joyful and intelligent documentary features interviews with many theatre artists rare archival footage and recordings from original Broadway productions and unforgettable anecdotes (hearing about Ethel Merman’s irreverent behavior at a Passover Seder during the rehearsals for Gypsy will leave you in hysterics).
185351 Van Vlahakis left Greece five decades ago with 22 dollars in his pocket. He arrived in the US hoping for a better future for him and his family. Eftichios as is his Greek name not only managed to live the American dream for himself but also created Earth Friendly Products a US giant for environmentally friendly cleaning products. His story is not only about transforming his life but also the lives of the ones around him as the owner and CEO of Earth Friendly Products. The story centers on the modern day Vlahakis who is diagnosed with cancer and given only few months to live. During this time he reflects on his early life as an immigrant during the 1950's and ultimately decides to push himself to the limit by closing one final business deal that will concretize his company's success even if it means taking on a large corporation that is trying to take over his company.
185602 An epic feature documentary about a coal mining town with a fiery immigrant heritage once pivotal in fueling America’s industrial revolution and today in decline and struggling to survive and retain its identity soul and values – all of which were dramatically challenged when four of the town’s white star football players were charged in the beating death of an undocumented Mexican immigrant named Luis Ramirez.  Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer David Turnley’s most personal work SHENANDOAH creates a deeply felt portrait of a working class community and the American Dream on trial.
185615 Ten years after the policy-changing and award-winning film The Dying Rooms the same team returns to a very different China where the infamous One Child Policy has had the horrific side effect of a boom in stolen children. With extraordinary access to devastated parents desperately searching for their stolen son; a man who brokers the deals and has sold his own offspring; and prospective parents grappling with giving up their soon-to-be-born daughter through lack of options we are brought face to face with the crisis that such a stringent government policy has created among China's poorest people.
185740 Beginning with Space Invaders in 1978 arcade games began to appear everywhere. By 1982 there were 13000 dedicated arcade locations across North America. It was the Golden Age of Arcade Games generating $3.2 billion dollars in 1983. By 1985 revenue had fallen 97%. Atari declared bankruptcy. Arcades closed. Most of the old games were converted or destroyed. A few were packed into warehouses where they remained largely forgotten for at least another decade. This is the story of arcade video games and the generation who grew up in the arcades attempting to collect and preserve their fondest memories.
"185835 Paul Stanley: ONE LIVE KISS filmed during his first ever solo tour while supporting his widely acclaimed solo album LIVE TO WIN. ONE LIVE KISS was shot at the House of Blues in Chicago IL on November 6 2006. Highlights include not only KISS favorites such as ""Lick It Up"" ""Love Gun"" and ""Detroit Rock City"" but also songs from his hit solo album. Backed by the amazing house band from the CBS shows ""Rock Star: INXS"" and ""Rock Star:Supernova"" Stanley ignites the stage as he performs his first new songs in more than eight years including ""Live To Win"" (Top 10 Classic Rock on the Mediabase Chart) ""Bulletproof"" and ""Lift."" ""Live To Win"" was also pivotally featured in the Emmy-winning ""South Park"" episode ""Make Love Not Warcraft."" The Star Child draws up every ounce of adrenaline and showmanship leaving nothing behind but a crowd exploding into cheers at near rioting levels."
185931 This is the story of a girl her dog and a man who needs to regain his self-reliance. Curtis Peterson a strong vital man in his late twenties and his wife Marie want to start a family. Tragedy strikes when Curtis is paralyzed in a construction accident. Meanwhile another family welcomes an addition to its household. Teenager Steve Barnett adopts an 8 week old puppy to train as part of a church project. The Barnett family is to house-train Banner for a year. Then the dog would be returned to the Kansas Specialty Dog Service where it will be trained to assist the disabled and visually impaired. Steve's sister 8 year old Emily ends up taking care of Banner and falls in love with the dog. Her happiness is offset by the tragic circumstances affecting Curtis and Marie. When Marie takes a job as a waitress to support the family Curtis is left to sit at home alone wallowing in self pity.
186611 A young professor has become a shell of a person following the death of his wife. Crippled by a numbing grief he's shut himself off from the world. At the same time a young singer-songwriter has lost faith in the struggle to make a name for herself as a musician. Bogged down by the pressures of turning her art into commerce she's lost sight of why she wanted to make music in the first place. This deeply moving film chronicles the budding friendship between the professor and the singer as the energy and beauty of her music begins to bring him back to life and the value of her music to this man reawakens her to the merits of making music.
186845 Drawing from ancient knowledge and cutting edge science Symphony of the Soil is an artistic exploration of the miraculous substance soil. By understanding the elaborate relationships and mutuality between soil water the atmosphere plants and animals we come to appreciate the complex and dynamic nature of this precious resource. The film also examines our human relationship with soil the use and misuse of soil in agriculture deforestation and development and the latest scientific research on soil’s key role in ameliorating the most challenging environmental issues of our time. Filmed on four continents featuring esteemed scientists and working farmers and ranchers Symphony of the Soil is an intriguing presentation that highlights possibilities of healthy soil creating healthy plants creating healthy humans living on a healthy planet.
187017 After making their way through high school (twice) big changes are in store for officers Schmidt and Jenko when they go deep undercover at a local college. But when Jenko meets a kindred spirit on the football team and Schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art major scene they begin to question their partnership. Now they don't have to just crack the case - they have to figure out if they can have a mature relationship. If these two overgrown adolescents can grow from freshmen into real men college might be the best thing that ever happened to them.
187116 In 1609 William Shakespeare published a collection of 154 sonnets creating what is arguably the greatest lyric sequence in English literature - and at the center of this masterpiece lies a mystery that has endured for centuries. What are the identities of “the young man” and “the dark lady” to whom all but two of the sonnets allude? This moving performance brings to life the gritty reality of Shakespeare’s England bits of the Bard’s plays and poems and the consummate poet and dramatist himself as it exposes these personages unseen but so keenly felt in Shakespeare’s sonnets and in his life. Rupert Graves Tom Sturridge Indira Varma Anna Chancellor and Zoė Wanamaker star. Contains mature themes and explicit language. Some content may be objectionable. Produced by the Open University.
"187254 An ailing father who is about to undergo a potentially life-threatening surgery takes his teenage kids into the woods to try and recapture their early closeness before he and his wife divorced and everything changed. But the three are swept into a supernatural adventure in which only their Father Chris ""The Healer"" has the ability to control their destinies. Lost in a haunted forest from which there seems no escape except death this moving and sensitive script tells a beautiful story of a family's tragedy &amp; resilience"
187257 In Fucking Different XXX the passion for explicit sex scenes brought eight international filmmakers together. The eight short films shot in Paris Berlin and San Francisco are about intensive sex quick sex romantic sex funny sex the first sex and the last sex. The range goes from a lesbian quickie in the toilet a bloodthirsty orgy romantic fisting all the way to wet teenage dreams. The result is a never seen before look upon sexual tastes and varieties far from clichés with a fresh and sometimes humorous approach.
187933 Having just lost his job at a soul food take-out joint Cedric (Brian Hooks) gets the bad news that a local female crime kingpin has picked the wrong time to call in a large IOU he racked up some time back. Needing a fast buck Cedric and some friends decide to stage a Hawaiian luau and charge people for the privilege of enjoying the feast. However what was to be a small exclusive party becomes a massive neighborhood blowout and everyone who is owed money by Cedric (a sizable list in itself) shows up expecting free food and entertainment.
187978 American Made Movie looks back on the glory days of U.S. manufacturing when there was a more balanced relationship between the goods produced and consumed and illustrates how technology and globalization have changed the competitive landscape for companies doing business in America as well as overseas. By illustrating the successes of companies and entrepreneurs that of their own accord have prospered without adopting the practices of their competitors American Made Movie shows the positive impact these jobs can have on national and local economies in the face of great challenges.
"188072 Amy Newhouse must now fight the biggest battle of her life - cancer. Her open heart to the people of her school now sparks a passionate rally from the community. However this passion dwindles as her cancer metastasizes. Her cancer seems to miraculously disappear but just as it seems the community has prevailed and the battle won Amy discovers that the deadly disease has returned and is incurable. Amy's prayers for healing continue but with the seemingly dried-up support of her community and an apparent ""no"" from God she dies from the one battle she cannot win. However with her death comes life and redemption of Pampa High as her club grows exponentially redeeming the school of the once-rampant violence drugs and alcohol that she so passionately fought against and proving to all doubters that God has a ""Greater Yes"" after all. Written by Anonymous"
188291 On “Voice in My head” Titus goes after the inner idiot in all of us. The Voice in his head that is obviously not his friend. From waterskiing behind a drag boat to “playing” with the attack dogs Titus shows there is no limit to his stupidity. Just when you think you know where he is going he tells the story of his 30 million dollar fuck up. You read it right then he wades into the darkest year of his life all the while keeping it funny. The 30 minute story about meeting Bruce Springsteen ends this one hour and forty six minute epic in a way that will make you laugh your ass off. That is if you have any ass to laugh off after the first hour and fifteen.
188330 With a hugely successful career stretching back into the fifties James Last has proved himself to be one of the greatest entertainers in the world of music. The James Last Orchestra is the most successful big band in chart history and they have sold in excess of 50 million albums worldwide. This spectacular show was filmed in high definition at London's Royal Albert Hall on James Last's 2007 tour and captures the James Last Orchestra at the top of their game in front of a wildly enthusiastic sold out crowd who fervently believe in audience participation.
188359 Trailer Town is a unique motion picture experience truly unlike anything you've seen before. A sexual interpretation of inner violence about out-of-work comedians living in a trailer park run by a soap opera star. The old comedians cannot work anymore due to their addictions and come up with the filthiest most offensive routines they can devise to strike out at mainstream society their only audience being themselves. When Bill recieves an eviction notice for having too many wild parties he takes to the roof of his trailer with a rifle and declares he is a victim of an 'aluminum holocaust.'
"188466 Young Buckethead Vol. 1 is the second DVD made by the guitarist Buckethead released in 2006 by Jas Obrecht's label Avabella.  The material from this DVD was cut in half making 2 volumes of the DVD Vol. 1 consists of a recompilation of concerts made by Buckethead and the band Deli Creeps in which Buckethead is part of just as Buckethead and the Deli Creeps were beginning to play outside of their southern California hometown. Vol. 1 features a 1990 Deli Creeps concert and the soundcheck in San Francisco also a keyboard performance in a San Francisco basement and an extended guitar solo performed by Buckethead at a family reunion.  The DVD includes the original version of the song ""Binge and Grab"" from the album Giant Robot (1994). It features lyrics by singer Maximum Bob while the studio album version of the song is instrumental."
188467 Young Buckethead Vol. 2 is a DVD made by Buckethead and released in 2006 by Jas Obrecht's label Avabella.  Vol. 2 consists of a recompilation of concerts made by Buckethead and the band Deli Creeps in which Buckethead is part of just as Buckethead and the Deli Creeps were beginning to play outside of their southern California hometown. The material is cut into 2 volumes.  Vol. 2 features two complete Deli Creeps concerts in San Francisco unrehearsed backstage footage and a rare Buckethead interview in a park. This time Saucy Patches appeared in one concert (9/1/90) before being replaced by Tony Black in the other concert (4/3/91).
188506 Alanis Morissette is one of the most successful female artists and songwriters of all time and has sold in excess of 60 million albums worldwide. Her voice is instantly recognisable and she is a consummate live performer. On 2 July 2012 Alanis Morissette returned to Montreux as part of her Guardian Angel Tour in support of her new album Havoc And Bright Lights . It was her third appearance at the festival. The set showcased a number of tracks from the new album (at that point still to be released) alongside classic tracks from across her career. This is Alanis Morissette live at her very best. TRACKLIST 1) I Remain 2) Woman Down 3) All I Really Want 4) You Learn 5) Guardian 6) Flinch 7) Forgiven 8) Hands Clean 9) I Remain 10) Citizen Of The Planet 11) Ironic 12) Havoc 13) Head Over Feet 14) Versions Of Violence 15) I Remain 16) You Oughta Know 17) Numb 18) Hand In My Pocket 19) Uninvited 20) Thank U
188538 A lonely down-on-her-luck waitress meets a handsome quirky jewelry store clerk and thinks that maybe finally she's met Mr. Right. The more Molly gets to know Gus the more she's intrigued by him. But she's also mystified. Gus is absent-minded preoccupied. Is he hiding something? The short answer is: yes. He's reluctant to share with her that since suffering a brain aneurysm he's totally lost his short-term memory. Every day is a brand new day his life starts anew. Every day he sees Molly he struggles to remember who she is and what she represents. Every day he has to fall in love with her all over again.
188652 A truly mad concoction blending 1950s juvenile delinquents sci-fi melodrama song-and-dance and a touch of horror everything in just the right combination to create an engaging big screen spectacle! This curious and curiously entertaining story involves one Jonathan Xavier and his devoted misfit gang who incidentally have been exiled to Earth from the far reaches of outer space. Johnny's former girlfriend Bliss has left him and stolen his Resurrection Suit a cosmic mind-bending uniform that gives the owner power over others. Along the way there will be several highly stylized musical numbers lots of genuinely humorous dialogue and a wacky plot-twist or two all beautifully captured on the very last of Kodak's black-and-white Plus-X film stock.
188832 Tony works in an auction house where he is surrounded by many valuable works of art. Enlisting the help of London gangster Brendan and his associates Tony hatches a plan to steal a priceless Goya painting. Things get complicated when the heist leaves Tony concussed and Brendan with no painting. When Brendan takes Tony to a Harley Street hypnotherapist to try to cure his amnesia and remember what he did with the painting the hypnotherapist realises she's onto something and uses her considerable skill to manipulate minds and memories to her own advantage..
"190167 ""When Prince William experienced a major building boom in the 1990s a shortage of labor created a demand for workers which led to an increase in the Latino population. Some of the newcomers were legal immigrants. Some were not. A blogger named Greg Letiecq began to write about his unhappiness with hearing Spanish spoken in public places. Finding an audience he fomented about rising crime rates rising taxes to pay for services for the newcomers overcrowded dwellings music played too loud fast driving and so on. He included Latino crime reports from the local police blotter. He even claimed armed members of the Mexican revolutionary group Zapatistas were moving to Prince William County."" - Roger Ebert"
190216 After 10 years working as a supervisor for an oil drilling firm in Saudi Arabia Oca (Jinggoy Estrada in a somewhat restraint performance) returns to the Philippines to visit his family. The film opens with his wife (Lorna Tolentino) best friend (Bayani Agbayani) and dotting mother (Vangie Labalan) waiting patiently for Oca's arrival at the airport. We are then introduced with the rest of the star studded cast as Oca visits his house where he meets up with his estranged kids (Shaina Magdayao Arron Villaflor Julian Estrada) and parents in loss (in-laws) which shows no affection whatsoever towards him. Only his drinking buddies mother and sister are excited on his return only because they see him as a prized cash cow. Jose Javier Reyes revisits his movie Bayarang Puso (1997) in a cheese filled dance sequence Oca drunk as ever grooves with no pretension. This and other embarrassing situations tears the family slowly apart.
"190511 ""Ni Muy Muy Ni Tan Tan Simplemente Tin Tan. Tin Tan was one of the greatest comdedian-​actors in the history of Mexican Cinema. He began his film career during the early years of what became the Golden Age of Mexican Cinema. Throughout the majority of his movies he plays the character of a pachuco; the Chicano/Mexicano in zoot suit throwing out the tirili phrases and words and jammin the jitty-​bug. With the style and the slang down to a tee he was picked up in Cd. Juarez Chihuahua by an acting troupe. Touring extensively through-​out Mexico with the troupe landed him in Mexico City with film contracts. It was in those films that Tin Tan exposed the image of the pachuco which Mexican Youth adopted. From the desert border-​towns of Juarez y El Paso the style took off in various parts of the country most notably in Mexico City"
"190805 Wolverine and the X-Men race through time to regain control of their destiny in Volume 4: Fate of the Future. Evil attempts to rewrite the past and the mutant heroes must prevent a perilous future in these five time-bending episodes. History repeats itself when Wolverine's past resurfaces forcing him to repay old debts in ""Stolen Lives."" In ""Code of Conduct"" Wolverine's history returns again when the X-Men are threatened by the Silver Samurai who challenges the adamantine hero to another duel. In ""Badlands"" Logan's captivity helps spawn a new breed of Sentinels to terrorize the future. And before Mojo rips their friendship apart Nightcrawler struggles to convince a brainwashed Wolverine of their lost days together in ""Hunting Grounds."" Finally in ""Backlash"" when Wolverine learns that Master Mold is the same nemesis for tomorrow's X-Men he must protect his fellow mutants before the future becomes obsolete."
190827 Get ready to dive deep. A journey into the mind of a full-blooded DJ superstar bringing together all of his ideas from artwork to visuals to his very own take on nowadays EDM. A solo event showcasing the talent and vision of Hardwell. An ambitious world tour with the big room phenomenon behind the wheels. The man behind Hardwell will be reveraled. Mister Spaceman is about to take the crowds to another level. Discover what Hardwell is really about. Kicking off in Amsterdam’s renowned concert venue Heineken Music Hall.
190859 U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle takes his sole mission—protect his comrades—to heart and becomes one of the most lethal snipers in American history. His pinpoint accuracy not only saves countless lives but also makes him a prime target of insurgents. Despite grave danger and his struggle to be a good husband and father to his family back in the States Kyle serves four tours of duty in Iraq. However when he finally returns home he finds that he cannot leave the war behind.
190977 When the newlywed wife of a Minnesota police chief accuses a new officer on his force of raping her several years earlier it sets the stage for a tense confrontation in this riveting story. Penelope Ann Miller and Reed Diamond star as Kathy and Doug Clifson a hard-working couple whose lives are torn apart when a new officer John McCrane joins the force. Kathy recognizes him as the man who raped her when she was a teenager and while other women soon come forward saying that McCrane also raped them the police force closes ranks to protect one of their own.
191515 Celebrated filmmaker and photographer Cheryl Dunn turns her lens on the pioneers and masters of New York street photography. Dunn profiles artists spanning six decades including Bruce Davidson Mary Ellen Mark Jill Freedman Jeff Mermelstein and Martha Cooper revealing that these shooters are as colourful and unique as the subjects they’ve relentlessly documented. Everybody Street explores the passion that compelled Freedman to spend years riding in squad cars during the most violent years in the city; Bruce Gilden’s drive to thrust his camera in people’s faces to capture a moment; and Martha Cooper’s dedication to chasing graffiti on passing subway cars in the Bronx. The film is a definitive look at the iconic visionaries of this often imitated art form.
191599 If you are born disabled in Ghana West Africa you are likely to be poisoned or left to die by your family; and if you are not poisoned or left for dead you're likely to be hidden away in a room; and if you're not hidden you are destined to spend your lifetime begging on the streets. Of the twenty million people in Ghana two million are disabled. This is the story of one disabled man whose mission-and purpose- is to change all that forever. In Emmanuel's Gift filmmakers Lisa Lax and Nancy Stern have uncovered a story as compelling as it is important. Narrated by Oprah Winfrey the film chronicles the life of Emmanuel Ofosu Yeboah a young Ghanaian man born with a severely deformed right leg who today against incalculable odds is opening minds hearts and doors-and effecting social and political change throughout his country.
191603 The young-adult novel by Garrison Keillor and Jenny Lind Nilsson gets a lively update in this Showtime feature about an unusual family in Sandy Bottom Wisconsin. The Greens share musical aspirations but daughter Rachel (Madeline Zima) a talented violinist is the one most likely to achieve them. Norman (Tom Irwin) is a dairy farmer and Ingrid (Glenne Headly) is a choir director who abandoned the piano when she married and settled down but the Greens are a happy family for the most part. The trick is finding a way to reconcile their dreams with a reality that may hold more riches than they realize. When Norman gets a chance to conduct the local orchestra for the Dairy Days celebration it's an opportunity for the family to come together not just with each other but with a community they had never fully appreciate
191720 Shot in France England Switzerland and the United States this documentary covers director Alejandro Jodorowsky (El Topo Holy Mountain Santa Sangre) and his 1974 Quixotic attempt to adapt the seminal sci-fi novel Dune into a feature film. After spending 2 years and millions of dollars the massive undertaking eventually fell apart but the artists Jodorowsky assembled for the legendary project continued to work together. This group of artists or his “warriors” as Jodorowsky named them went on to define modern sci-fi cinema with such films as Alien Blade Runner Star Wars and Total Recall.
191728 18 years after his last film (The Troubles We've Seen) Marcel Ophuls emerges from retirement as one of our last masters the most corrosive the funniest as well. And the most forceful. The director of The Sorrow and the Pity shares with us stories of his exceptionally rich life in this light-hearted yet bitter escapade though the century and the movies. Son of the great Max Ophuls he is generous in his admiration. We also meet Jeanne Moreau Bertolt Brecht Ernst Lubitsch Otto Preminger Woody Allen Stanley Kubrick and of course Franēois Truffaut. There are no great filmmakers without a memory so here is the memory shop of Marcel Ophuls.
192132 Shy sensitive April is the class virgin torn between an illicit flirtation with her soccer coach Mr. B and an unrequited crush on sweet stoner Teddy. Emily meanwhile offers sexual favors to every boy to cross her path — including both Teddy and his best friend Fred a live wire without filters or boundaries. As one high school party bleeds into the next — and April and Teddy struggle to admit their mutual affection — Fred's escalating recklessness starts to spiral into chaos.
192142 At an isolated log cabin in the harsh wilderness of Indiana circa 1817 the rhythms of love tragedy and the daily hardships of life on the developing frontier shaped one of our nation’s greatest heroes: Abraham Lincoln. Abe is a thoughtful and quiet boy who spends his days at the side of his beloved mother while learning to work the land from his stern father. When illness takes his mother Abe's new guardian angel comes in the form of his new stepmother who sees the potential in the boy and pushes for his further education.
192591 Santos a fighter finished pacheco overweight and suffers from his recent divorce with Busty Mendoza a voluptuous and wild woman fighter. To get out of your depression Santos begins a campaign to help Sahuayo Zombies (gray and harmless characters with which fully identifies). However his philanthropic campaign soon becomes a very profitable business that leverages Santos for their benefit. The population becomes a zombie plague and Busty Santos threatens to dispose of them. However the Peyote Murderer (rivals Santos) who gets rid of the zombies. But the world without zombies turns out to be worse than anyone could have imagined and the only chance to save the nation is that the Saints and the Peyote work together to return to repopulate the world Sahuayo zombies.
192655 The story of Mark a tech savvy college student who creates a cutting edge spyware app that allows him to remote view any cell phone in New York City. He begins to invade the privacy of hundreds of New Yorkers remotely via the 'Privacy App' he has just developed but then spots a beautiful and mysterious girl named Alexis whom he begins to spy on. She appears to be looking for someone while at the same time is being sought after by a shadowy figure. Mark is drawn into her world and has his best friend Toby contact her when she is in need of an apartment. Alexis moves into Mark's building where Mark and her meet and fall in love. But their romance is quickly dispersed when Alexis' dark past catches up with her entangling Mark in a web of murder political intrigue and privacy invasion.
192997 With God On Our Side takes a look at the theology of Christian Zionism which teaches that because the Jews are God's chosen people they have a divine right to the land of Israel. Aspects of this belief system lead some Christians in the West to give uncritical support to Israeli government policies even those that privilege Jews at the expense of Palestinians leading to great suffering among Muslim and Christian Palestinians alike and threatening Israel's security as a whole.  This film demonstrates that there is a biblical alternative for Christians who want to love and support the people of Israel a theology that doesn't favor one people group over another but instead promotes peace and reconciliation for both Jews and Palestinians.
193304 When the rock’n’roll dream ends the hard part is waking up.  Riff was the legendary guitarist in one of the biggest rock bands in Australian history. But the 80s are gone and without music Riff’s life has spiralled out of control.  With his new band The Sunset Six he’s got one last chance at making it; one last chance of landing the record deal that will get him back in the game.  One problem… the band is falling apart. And it’s all his fault. As time ticks down to their imminent gig can Riff get the band back on the rails in time?  The Sunset Six is a feel-good comedy about a band’s rocky road to musical heaven.
193389 In 1939 a group of African American intellectuals come up with an ingenious and unlikely response to Jim Crow America -- leave the planet and populate Mars. Using technology created by George Washington Carver a three-person crew (plus one rambunctious robot) lift-off in Earth's first working spaceship on a mission that will take them to a world not unlike present-day America. Their spacey adventure illuminates some hard truths about American culture and threatens to undermine the time-line of history along the way.
193507 A family’s story typically crazy and exceptional at the same time. A film about home and exile parents grandparents brothers and sisters and all the other relatives close and distant in an extended Persian family. Some of them emigrated to Europe or America though the majority has stayed in Iran. Regardless of all the danger involved they secretly meet after 20 years at a place which won’t raise suspicion among the Iranian authorities: Mecca. They come from America Sweden Austria and Iran to laugh argue cook and celebrate. This is accompanied by an excessive amount of hugging and kissing and also a clash between Muslim and Western cultures.
193521 It's February 1974. Ted Heath's Conservative government has been ousted. But only just. In the hung Parliament Labour manages to form a minority government by sending its whips out wheeling and dealing with the Liberals Scottish Nationalists and Northern Irish politicians. But this fragile alliance lasts only until October when another election is called. This time Labour win with a tiny majority of just three. Now things get tougher as old cross-Party agreements break down and even sick and dying MPs are wheeled into the chamber to cast their votes! James Graham's acclaimed new play whisks us back to the days of the UK's previous hung Parliament when politics got really dirty in the battle for power.
193645 SEDUCED AND ABANDONED combines acting legend Alec Baldwin with director James Toback as they lead us on a troublesome and often hilarious journey of raising financing for their next feature film. Moving from director to financier to star actor the two players provide us with a unique look behind the curtain at the world's biggest and most glamourous film festival shining a light on the bitter-sweet relationship filmmakers have with Cannes and the film business. Featuring insights from directors Martin Scorsese 'Bernando Bertolucci' and Roman Polanski; actors Ryan Gosling and Jessica Chastain and a host of film distribution luminaries.
"193792 Cape Spin! An American Power Struggle tells the surreal fascinating tragicomic story of the battle over America's most scandalous clean energy project. Cape Wind would be the U.S.'s first offshore windfarm...But strange alliances formed for and against: Kennedys Kochs and everyday folks do battle with the developer and green groups over the future of American power. With full access to both sides a commitment to impartial storytelling and fueled by a satiric 'revolutionary' soundtrack Cape Spin! is ""a gripping and entertaining study of eco-capitalism and grassroots democracy""."
194197 Andre starts as a teacher in a remote mountain village in Albania. His first task is to choose one of two communist slogans. He picks the shorter one which is appreciated by his class because they have to build the slogan on the hillside using whitewashed rocks. However this means that the longer slogan goes to Diana the French teacher to whom Andre is attracted. Andre gets on the wrong side of the communist party boss of the village when he stands up for an unjustly accused goat herdsman whom he had befriended. The boss is determined to take his revenge on Andre.
194642 Ex-addict Frank Ferrante is a 54-year-old overweight Sicilian-American from Brooklyn with hepatitis C and some bad habits. He also wants to fall in love one more time before he dies. MAY I BE FRANK documents Frank’s transformation as he stumbles into the aptly-named vegan Café Gratitude and over 42 days begins a life-changing journey during which he is coached physically emotionally and spiritually by three twenty-something staff members on the path to enlightenment. Challenged by years of addiction fatigue and family dysfunction Frank’s quest for a healthier lifestyle is both tense and touching. Through Frank’s metamorphosis we witness the powerful effects of change upon one person’s life and the potential we all have to find the most important love of all–love of ourselves.
"194847 ""Hot as a Pistol Keen as a Blade"" released December 5 2006 captures that tour's scintillating concert in Montreal Canada spotlighting songs from the album as well as other Costello gems spanning four decades from ""Watching The Detectives"" and ""Pump It Up"" to lesser-known songs most of them given special arrangements by Toussaint.  ""Hot as a Pistol Keen as a Blade"" offers video evidence of a rare and special concert tour. Presented in 5.1 Surround Sound the nearly two-hour-long DVD stars the same lineup as that on ""The River In Reverse"" combining Costello's band The Imposters with Toussaint's horn section (Amadee Castenell Joe Smith Sam Williams and Brian Cayolle) and guitarist (Anthony ""AB"" Brown). Bonuses include a performance of ""Alison""; an in-studio performance of ""Who's Gonna Help Brother Get Further?"" an excerpt from the film ""Putting The River In Reverse"" by Matthew Buzzell; an interview with Costello and Toussaint; a photo gallery; and a tour journal by Costello."
"195089 After a shocking ambush WWE Champion John Cena finds himself for the first time staring into the merciless eyes of Ryback. With his health in question can Cena avoid succumbing to a 10-count at the hands of one of WWE's most dominant Superstars? Triple H and ""The Beast"" Brock Lesnar bring their rage inside the cage for a deeply personal tiebreaker that can only serve to intensify their bitter rivalry. Plus The Shield Sheamus Alberto Del Rio Big Show and the rest of the WWE Superstars step up to throw down in the one night where the only rules are Extreme Rules! All the action this year comes from the Scottrade Center in St. Louis Missouri."
195857 Tells the true story of the residents at Dalkeith Residential Home who sit around every day just waiting to die until staff buy them a greyhound. Naming the dog Dalkeith after the home they discover she is a phenomenal runner and she is soon entered into the greyhound races. Soon residents are betting on the outcome of the races and they are given a new reason to live. But the board of trustees learn what is going on through the disgruntled daughter of one of the residents and heavily handedly put an end to the fun and games. After the board's intervention the residents sink into a new form of despair as life becomes even duller and more boring than before. That is until the aloof pensioner played by Ray Barrett reveals he was once a high profile barrister and challenges the decision in court.
196242 Two young lovers Claudio and Hero are to be married imminently but the devious scheming of a resentful Prince looks set to thwart the nuptials.  Meanwhile marriage seems inconceivable for reluctant lovers Beatrice and Benedick whose endless witty sparring threatens to keep them apart forever.  Directed by Josie Rourke Artistic Director of the Donmar Warehouse Much Ado About Nothing is one of Shakespeare’s great plays and reminds us all of the failings and triumphs of the human condition in our never ending search for perfect love.
196867 Annie is a young happy foster kid who's also tough enough to make her way on the streets of New York in 2014. Originally left by her parents as a baby with the promise that they'd be back for her someday it's been a hard knock life ever since with her mean foster mom Miss Hannigan. But everything's about to change when the hard-nosed tycoon and New York mayoral candidate Will Stacks—advised by his brilliant VP and his shrewd and scheming campaign advisor—makes a thinly-veiled campaign move and takes her in. Stacks believes he's her guardian angel but Annie's self-assured nature and bright sun-will-come-out-tomorrow outlook on life just might mean it's the other way around.
197044 For rivals John Cena and Ryback payback will come in the form of hell – 3 Stages of Hell! Will the ravenous challenger send the Champ for an ambulance ride or will John Cena escape hell with his WWE Championship? Plus Dolph Ziggler is back to defend his World Heavyweight Championship against the man he won it from Alberto Del Rio. And for the first time since WrestleMania CM Punk is in action but Chris Jericho wants to spoil the self-proclaimed Best in the World’s Chicago homecoming. Superstars collide and seek retribution as WWE presents for the first time ever WWE Payback.
197152 The Great Culling' of the human population has quietly begun. Covertly insidiously mercilessly a global depopulation agenda has been launched. As this plays out the vast majority of the human race will be removed from the gene pool. Genetically annihilated. Will you and your genetic lineage survive?  Film-makers Paul Wittenberger (What In The World Are They Spraying?) and Chris Maple explore WHAT are the real threats to your life your offspring and your genetic integrity? HOW can you protect yourself from those threats? WHY is a global depopulation agenda being pursued? The more you understand these answers the greater your odds of surviving 'The Great Culling'.
"197170 ""Presenting for the first time a selection of the cathodic experimental works from the seminal Italo-American artist Aldo Tambellini; a selection of classic documents of one of the first pioneers of video art and audiovisual experimentation from New York east side scene of the 60s and 70s. Unreleased and classic works available for the first time. Curated by Pia Bolognesi e Giulio Bursi.""  -Black Video 1  -Black Video 2  -Black Spiral  -Black Video 1 Projections  -6673  -Minus One  -Clone  -Interview at the Black Gate Theatre"
197320 Nellie née Bouchard is divorced by wealthy Jack Givens because after a miscarriage even in vitro fails to overcome her infertility. She finds herself destitute as her own account were plundered by someone who stole her maiden identity Eleanor Kendall. Bank officer lover Dave helps her trace the impostor to Montréal and prevent if being spent on a Corsica home. She starts an affair with British doctor Christopher Dolan who is in town for a conference and bumps into Eleanor a local French tutor and single mother. Instead of informing the police she gets acquainted with and comes to like 'Eleanor'. Finally the truth catches up but more complex and perilous then anyone anticipated.
197341 The nightmares are always the same for Hollywood actress Laurie Cardell: she's back at the orphanage where she spent her childhood being tortured by the head mistress praying for an escape. But that's all in the past... until two brothers decide to bring the screen siren back to the scene of the crime. Daniel has been silently stalking Laurie for years and when his psychotic brother Nathan is released from prison no one expects the horror he brings. Daniel's misguided attempts to mend the wounds of a tortured youth resurrect Laurie's childhood nightmares and force Daniel to confront his own obsession while Nathan's twisted logic takes on demonic proportions.
197393 Featuring a wealth of previously unseen archive this film looks at how Bowie continually evolved: from Ziggy Stardust to the Soul Star of Young Americans to the ‘Thin White Duke’. It explores his regeneration in Berlin with the critically acclaimed album Heroes his triumph with Scary Monsters and his global success with Let’s Dance.  With interviews with all his closest collaborators David Bowie - Five Years presents a unique account of why Bowie has become an ‘icon of our times’.
197634 Full-length dance piece featuring music specially composed by electronic pop legends the Pet Shop Boys and choreographed and directed by Javier de Frutos which premiered at Sadler's Wells in London in early 2011.  Based on the Hans Christian Andersen fairytale of the same name and adapted by acclaimed playwright and director Matthew Dunster it sees modern dance set in a traditional three-act narrative and features former Royal Ballet star Ivan Putrov alongside principal dancers Clemmie Sveaas and Aaron Sillis.  Featuring design lighting and film content by an impressive creative team including Tony Award-winning designer Katrina Lindsay and BAFTA-winning film animator Tal Rosner the programme also includes exclusive behind-the-scenes access and interviews with the Pet Shop Boys Javier de Frutos and others involved in this ambitious production.
197711 An unusual documentary exploring sound. Unique elements of Japanese culture are revealed through ancient rituals and extraordinary musical spectacles. A young Buddhist priest whose family has been serving a temple for the past 500 years is also a DJ and beat-boxer. A drum teacher takes part in a costume performance of a 700-year-old ghost story. A female performer plays the Sho a rare bamboo instrument that is believed to imitate the call of the mythical phoenix. The core ideas explaining the magical potential of sound that permeates all parts of the film are presented in the tradition of Shingon Buddhism. These beliefs are explored through following Buddhist chanting lessons for student priests at Shuchiin University in Kyoto.
198062 Will is a 30-something website manager who uses local café Coffee Town as his office. When the owners of the shop discuss plans to convert Coffee Town into a bar Will enlists the help of his two best friends Chad and Gino to save his freeloading existence. In order to thwart the plans of Coffee Town's owners the trio stages a robbery to create the illusion of an unsafe neighborhood not suitable for the proposed venue. Also standing in their way is Sam a disgruntled barista with delusions of grandeur and Will's heartache over unrequited love for Becca.
198167 From T.C. Christensen director of the sensational pioneer film 17 Miracles comes the heroic true story of a simple man who was called to do the work of angels. Ephraim’s Rescue relates the story of Ephraim Hanks: a rescuer of the Martin Handcart company. Follow Ephraim as his adventures lead him to join the LDS Church and ultimately to one of the most heroic rescues in American history. With a unique desire to help and strengthen others Ephraim learns that each choice we make can prepare us for what lies ahead. He discovers through it all that decisions determine destiny.
198233 Medal of Honor Recipient George Sakato said with tear ' I am not a hero. I just killed a lot of people. It's not good. This medal is for the people who couldn't return their homes not for me.' Even many soldiers who received the decoration still have deep scars in their hearts now. He is the veteran of 442nd Regimental Combat Team in WW2 composed of Japanese Americans who were at first seen as the problem because of their race but later seen as problem solvers because of their splendid achievements on the battle field. They had to fight not only the enemy but also prejudice. This is the story of the 442nd and their veterans now and then.
"198368 ""Worm"" tells the story of a man wanted for a double homicide in the small town of Guthrie OK. Jason ""Worm"" Truitt has a young daughter that he loves dearly - and a beautiful girlfriend that he feels is out of his league. Worm is always doing the wrong thing at the wrong time taking odd jobs for shady men and even breaking the law from time to time. He is constantly tailed by the local Sheriff and constantly berated by his own Father and friends. The film plays out as a Southern Neo-Noir of sorts. A modern day ""whodunit"" tale told using a chest-mounted Snorricam. The audience journeys with Worm as he tries to clear his name and make safe the ones he loves. Along the way he is entangled in a small town crime syndicate and nearly loses the people that mean the most to him. Did he commit this heinous crime? Will his past sins catch up to him? Only God knows."
199291 Eleven year old Masha Kulabokhova is about to be adopted into fourteen year old Cami Diaz's family. Masha grew up in a Russian orphanage; Cami was born and raised in Wisconsin and has been the exclusive focus of her parents' love her whole life. The process of Masha becoming part of the Diaz family is going to change both girls forever. The Dark Matter of Love follows Masha as she leaves Russia to the spend her first year as part of the Diaz family who have also adopted five year old twin boys Marcel and Vadim. When the reality of bonding with children who have grown up in institutions turns out to be more difficult than they ever imagined the Diaz's hire two of the world's best developmental psychologists to help them build their new family - through science. Sometimes hilarious sometimes heartbreaking The Dark Matter of Love melds the story of the Diaz family learning to love with rare archive footage of science experiments exploring parent-child love.
199403 Slammiversary XI was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion which took place on June 2 2013 at the Agganis Arena in Boston Massachusetts. It was the 11th anniversary celebration for TNA and the 11th monthly Pay-Per-View under the Slammiversary chronology.  Chris Sabin VS Kenny King (c) VS Suicide  |  Magnus Samoa Joe and Jeff Hardy VS Aces & Eights (Wes Brisco Garrett Bischoff and Mr. Anderson)  |  Jay Bradley VS Sam Shaw  |  Abyss VS Devon (c)  |  Gunner and James Storm VS Chavo Guerrero and Hernandez (c) VS Bad Influence (Christopher Daniels and Kazarian) VS Austin Aries and Bobby Roode  |  Taryn Terrell VS Gail Kim  |  Kurt Angle VS A.J.  |  Bully Ray (c) VS Sting
199571 A revolutionary film about the cinematic genius of North Korea's late Dear Leader Kim Jung-IL with a groundbreaking experiment at its heart - a propaganda film made according to the rules of his 1987 manifesto. Through the shared love of cinema AIM HIGH IN CREATION! forges an astonishing new bond between the hidden filmmakers of North Korea and their Free World collaborators. Revealing an unexpected truth about the most isolated nation on earth: filmmakers no matter where they live are family.
199573 As four teens navigate the flashpoint of adolescent relationships their lives will be forever scarred by a tragedy that engulfs their city.  Teenagers Billie and Laura who live in Canberra’s suburban outskirts are best friends and share everything – even as it turns out Laura’s boyfriend Danny although Laura doesn’t know this. During the summer of Canberra’s bushfires Billie’s mother welcomes the troubled Isaac into her care and his presence causes disarray in the girls’ friendship: Laura finds herself drawn to the gentle but intense newcomer while Billie’s unpredictable ways threaten self-destruction.
199576 Having faithfully served his South Melbourne parish for nearly four decades the cantankerous controversial Catholic provocateur affectionately called Father Bob is well known and loved as much for his incorrigible media savvy and battles with Church hierarchy as for his staunch advocacy on behalf of the disadvantaged and disenfranchised. In Bob We Trust goes behind the scenes with Bob documenting his everyday trials during one of the most turbulent times in his career: his forced retirement and eviction from the church he called home for 38 years.
"199676 In May 2012 Judas Priest wrapped up their epic ""Epitaph"" world tour with a storming set at London's Hammersmith Apollo. The band having announced that this would be their final large-scale world tour celebrated their last and possibly final show with an incredible career-spanning set list that brought down the house. In addition to performing all their classics ""Breaking The Law"" ""Living After Midnight"" and ""You ve Got Another Thing Comin'"" the Priest dug deep into their catalog performing at least one song from each of their albums which rounded off their 23-song set list."
199801 In 1994 real-life crop artist Stan Herd traveled from Kansas to Manhattan's Upper West Side to create a massive environmental artwork on land owned by Donald Trump. The multi-acre artwork was made from soil rock plants and vegetation near an underground railway tunnel. Stan recruited a number of homeless individuals living in the tunnel to become his crew. Over the months it took to complete the earthwork Stan dealt with a myriad of difficulties in bringing his unique rural art form to an urban canvas and the many costs his art exacted upon his life. In the process he unexpectedly encountered the true meaning of his art and it's ultimate lasting rewards
199905 Katelyn 'Kate' Weston a country girl who became a lawyer and joined an L.A. law firm years ago specializes in defending minors having committed violent crimes who nobody else takes on. She gradually got estranged from her family but then her older brother Ryan asks her to return to the farm he runs with their dad Thane who has become impossibly absentminded. By the time he is formally diagnosed with serious Alzheimer she realizes how badly she really knew her family having ran from her past after the trauma of witnessing her mother's suicide at age seven and tries to talk it trough with Ryan and dad while he still has lucid moments.
200089 Inside The Mind of Leonardo is based on the artist’s private journals dating from the Italian Renaissance. With over 6000 pages of handwritten notes and drawings da Vinci’s private journals are the most comprehensive documents that chronicle the work of the world’s most renowned inventor philosopher painter and genius.  Using this precious collection of writings and drawings to recount Da Vinci’s story in his own words and combining them with stunning visual effects and 3D technology we re-create the mindscape and ideas of mankind’s greatest polymath.
200580 The year is 1991 and Spud Milton's long walk to manhood is still creeping along at an unnervingly slow pace. Approaching the ripe old age of fifteen and still no signs of the much anticipated ball-drop Spud is coming to terms with the fact that he may well be a freak of nature. With a mother hell-bent on emigrating a father making a killing out of selling homemade moonshine and a demented grandmother called Wombat the new year seems to offer little except extreme embarrassment and more mortifying Milton madness. But Spud is returning to a boarding school where he is no longer the youngest or the smallest. His dormitory mates known as the Crazy Eight have an unusual new member and his house has a new clutch of first years (the Normal Seven). If Spud thinks his second year will be a breeze however he is seriously mistaken.
200685 After a five year break 2012 saw Garbage back in the spotlight with a new studio album Not Your Kind Of People followed by their first world tour for seven years. Filmed on this tour at the Ogden Theatre in Denver Colorado on October 6 One Mile High...Live is the first ever Blu-ray release of a full Garbage live concert. Charismatic singer Shirley Manson leads from the front propelled by the twin guitars of Steve Marker and Duke Erikson and the powerhouse drumming of Butch Vig with Eric Avery providing bass guitar for the live shows. The band mix highlights from the new album with classic tracks from across their career to produce the ultimate Garbage live experience.
200689 Today we are facing not one but two global crises: the financial crisis but also the more insidious one relating to our misuse of natural resources. The two are so tightly linked that we will not solve the global financial crisis until we start to think of using resources more efficiently and sustainably. For example with each smart phone made more than 50 minerals are exploited. Our growing dependence on these finite resources for new technology will only deepen the financial crisis as prices increase exponentially. A potential battleground for the future has been laid as these resources get more and more scarce. Planet RE:think investigates where we are failing and gives hope for our future on a planet with finite resources.
200954 Everybody Says I'm Fine! is an Indian English language film released on 12 September 2001 at the Toronto Film Festival. It marks the directorial debut of Indian actor Rahul Bose. For his work on Everybody Says I'm Fine! Bose won the runner-up John Schlesinger Award for best directorial debut at the 2003 Palm Springs International Film Festival.The film revolves around a small group of elite Mumbaikars whose lives converge at a hairdresser's salon. The protagonist Xen owns the salon and has a unique gift of connecting with the minds of his clients and reading their thoughts while at work. Most of his customers maintain a facade of normality in order to gain semblance and hide their tumultuous lives to some extent.
201068 Fenton California is shocked when local lawyer Paul James a model citizen and house-father considering to stand in municipal elections is shot in his instantly torched car in front of his home. His second wife Beth is arrested and charged after cash and the murder weapon Paul's own gun are found. Insurance investigator Jerry Calhoun a former cop on the case because Paul had a life insurance since three weeks realizes lazy police detective Rhodes's utter incompetence. When Beth escapes even step-daughter Robin still reports her to the police. Calhoun however makes sure the truth is discovered starting from blackmail and embezzlement Paul was involved in.
201076 UFOs: weapons of mass deception... For over 60 years teams within the US Air Force and Intelligence services exploited and manipulated beliefs about UFOs and ET visitations as part of their counterintelligence programmes. In doing so they spawned a mythology so powerful that it captivated and warped many brilliant minds including several of their own. Now for the first time some of those behind these operations and their victims speak out revealing a true story that is part Manchurian Candidate and part Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
201149 They were not meant to meet... He (Pierre): a workaholic company manager born with a silver spoon in his mouth. He is a widower who jealously guards the domestic equilibrium he has rebuilt with his three very possessive daughters. She (Florence): a divorcée of modest means who has just lost her job and has three children of her own to feed. Exuberant and candid she is cheerful by nature.  No they were definitely not cut out to meet. But this summer on a beach in Southern France the impossible happens...
201239 Topical standup comedian Sheryl Underwood brings her unique brand of adult comedy to the stage in this brutally honest performance featuring her hilarious observations of everyday life. In addition to her diverse background which includes a stint in the Armed Forces a job as radio show hostess and acting roles in such popular comedies as Beauty Shop and Bulworth Underwood's status as host of BET's popular Comic View has elevated her to one of the most recognizable women in comedy.
"201405 In 1968 in 1/500th of a second Eddie Adams photographed a Saigon police chief General Nguyen Nyoc Loan shooting a Vietcong guerilla point blank. Some say that photograph ended the Vietnam War. The photo brought Eddie fame and a Pulitzer but Eddie was haunted by the man he had vilified. He would say ""Two lives were destroyed that day the victim's and the general's."" Others would say three lives were destroyed.  Eddie Adams like most artists was tortured by his need for perfection. Nothing he did ever satisfied him. He carved out many careers shooting covers for Life Time and even Penthouse. Yes somehow he was always pulled back into documenting wars 13 all together. Finally he hit the wall and couldn't take it anywmore. He began shooting celebrities because 'It doesn't take anything from you.' Eddie was comfortable with kings and coal miners. During his time with Parade Magazine he photographed Clint Eastwood Louis Armstrong Mother Theresa and Pope John Paul II."
201639 A substantial part of life is claimed by boredom. Beauty love work.. sometimes it just isn't worth getting out of bed. A girl in a strawberry pie factory a stressed desert nomad a Wall street stockbroker the last living WW2 female spy a painter who paints Time for 42 years the first school shooter in history who wounded eleven children and killed two adults because: 'I don't like Mondays' are the characters in this film. John Malkovich gives voice to the inner bored human being. He crawls under your skin prompting questions: Howmany people in the world are like me?
201773 Will the real Bob please step forward? There might not be a virus but life's still interesting in Mainframe when a second Bob comes on the scene. No one knows which is which - including the two Bobs. With wedding preparations underway Dot can't decide who to marry and turns to her friends for assistance. Meanwhile an old enemy returns to the system and only one of the Sprites can save the Mainframe inhabitants.  ReBoot: My Two Bobs is a 2001 Canadian made-for-TV movie based on the series ReBoot directed by George Samilski. The movie is set after the first three seasons of ReBoot and along with another ReBoot movie Daemon Rising is considered the fourth season. It was originally broadcast in Canada as a film but was later rebroadcast as 4 individual episodes.
201858 Boney M were a male/female Euro-disco quartet who were put together by producer/writer Frank Farian to perform the commercial songs he had been writing. The foursome came together in 1976 and went on to score numerous chart hits including a few singles that are still amongst the biggest selling records of all time in the UK. This DVD features 20 video clips and performances by Boney M including 'Rivers Of Babylon' 'Mary's Boy Child/Oh My Lord' 'Ma Baker' 'Daddy Cool' and more. Sony/BMG. 2006.
"202491 The Michael Jackson: 30th Anniversary Special was a 2001 New York City revue show by Michael Jackson. It took place on September 7 2001 and September 10 2001. In late November 2001 the CBS television network aired the concerts as a two-hour special in honour of Michael Jackson's thirtieth year as a solo entertainer (his first solo single ""Got to Be There"" was recorded in 1971). The show was edited from footage of two separate concerts Michael had orchestrated in New York City's Madison Square Garden on September 7 and September 10 of 2001. The shows sold out in five hours. Ticket prices were pop's most expensive ever; the best seats cost $5000 and included a dinner with Michael Jackson and a signed poster."
202575 Thunder an abandoned young cat seeking shelter from a storm stumbles into the strangest house imaginable owned by an old magician and inhabited by a dazzling array of automatons and gizmos. Not everyone welcomes the new addition to the troupe as Jack Rabbit and Maggie Mouse plot to evict Thunder. The situation gets worse when the magician lands in hospital and his scheming nephew sees his chance to cash in by selling the mansion. Our young hero is determined to earn his place and so he enlists the help of some wacky magician's assistants to protect his magical new home.
"202807 The MDNA Tour was the ninth concert tour by Madonna. Madonna had embarked on The MDNA Tour for promotion of her twelfth studio album MDNA. The performances at the American Airlines Arena in Miami Florida during the North American leg of The MDNA Tour were documented for video release. Madonna described the tour as ""the journey of a soul from darkness to light"". The tour was a commercial success although it courted a number of controversies. It was dubbed as the highest-grossing tour of 2012 by Billboard. Become the tenth highest-grossing tour of all time and overcome Celine Dion's Taking Chances Tour as the second highest-grossing tour among female artists behind Madonna's own Sticky & Sweet Tour."
202850 Comedian Rich Hall hits the road as he takes us on his personal journey through the road movie which from the earliest days of American cinema has been synonymous with American culture. With his customary wit and intelligence Rich takes us through films such as Bonnie and Clyde The Grapes of Wrath Thelma and Louise Vanishing Point Five Easy Pieces and even The Wizard of Oz. He explores what makes a road movie and how the American social economic and political landscape has defined the genre.
203030 Jack Peterson is the most celebrated birdhouse builder in the town of Stalksdale. His large wooden erections are the talk of the town. He's friendly and attractive and seems to have everything going for him. In fact you might assume Jack is one of the luckiest guys around. But most don't know that Jack was horribly disfigured at birth making him incapable of forming close relationships with women. Things start looking up however when Jack learns of a medical procedure that can reverse his condition. With the help of his womanizing best friend Alan and an eccentric doctor named Skinner Jack tries to win the heart of the girl next door and obtain the life he's always wanted. Things turn comically tragic however when things don't quite go as planned.--Anonymous
203181 In the best screwball comedy tradition This award winning film  tells the story of love and luck turning on the toss of a coin. Tom Benett is trying to do the right thing but his good intentions keep getting derailed by his scheming fiancé and a hustler who want his $350 million dollar lottery ticket. Mix in skulduggery with a stolen investment formula a childhood sweetheart and a couple of homicidal pensioners and Tom has a long way to go before he learns that it's okay to lose once you've learned what's worth winning!
203182 Based on the acclaimed memoir by renowned guitarist Andy Summers Can’t Stand Losing You: Surviving The Police follows Summers’ journey from his early days in the psychedelic ‘60s music scene when he played with The Animals to chance encounters with drummer Stewart Copeland and bassist Sting which led to the formation of a new wave trio The Police.  The band’s phenomenal rise and its highly publicized dissolution at the height of their fame in the early ’80s captured by Summers’ camera.  Utilizing rare archival footage Summers’ photos and insights from the guitarist’s side of the stage Can’t Stand Losing You brings together past and present as the band members prepare to reunite for the first time in two decades later for a global reunion tour in 2007.
203577 A World Cup of shocks and surprises making history from start to finish. It was the first World Cup in Asia and the first to be co-hosted by two countries. The official film captures the unique spirit of this event in 120 minutes of football - on the pitch and behind the scenes. This is one of few official films able to offer a hint of the world behind the dressing room door - Senegal's victory celebrations Mexico's prayer and team talk and the referees debriefing.
203584 Californian ecologist David Ainley has been traveling to the Ross Sea to study this unique ecosystem for more than thirty years. He has written scientific papers describing it as a ‘living laboratory’. Largely untouched by humans it is one of the last places where the delicate balance of nature prevails. But an international fishing fleet has recently found its way to the Ross Sea. It is targeting Antarctic toothfish sold as Chilean sea bass in up-market restaurants around the world.  The catch is so lucrative it is known as white gold. Ainley knows that unless fishing is stopped the natural balance of the Ross Sea will be lost forever. Together they form ‘the Last Ocean’ and begin a campaign taking on the commercial fishers and governments in a race to protect Earth’s last untouched ocean from our insatiable appetite for fish.
203596 Watch a modern-day drama based on Jesus' parable of the prodigal son. See what happens to David Barker a young man who becomes drawn into assiciation with those whose attitudes and lifestyles are at odds with his christian upbringing.  As David slips into the ways of the world how do his family members react? Will David come to his senses and return to a godly way of life? What lessons can we learn from this dramatic protrayal of the real dangers facing young people today?
203602 A pathologically enthusiastic couple with a weak spot for wine decides to fly to Seattle to realize their dreams: she dreams of strengthening her leadership abilities in an exclusive corporate coaching seminar Body Language Empowerment in One Week while he dreams of getting as close as humanly possible to the tomb of the greatest fighter of all times. Upon arrival in Seattle a sagacious mobster teaches them that it takes more than just a map to find Bruce's tomb and something more than just a body to master the art of interpersonal communication. Will their relationship survive the mobster's grueling training? Will they be able to channel their enthusiasm towards a common dream? Seattle is a puzzle: will they find a frame pretty enough to hang it on the wall when it's all over?
203646 Ten years after the wasteful death of Kurt Cobain he remains the only true musical icon of the post punk age. This film traces the early life of Kurt from his childhood in small town Washington right up to his first taste of superstardom at the dawn of the release of the multi platinum Nevermind album. Taking in all aspects of his life and career up to that pivotal stage the story hinges on a narrative from esteemed Cobain biographer Charles Cross and is embellished with lengthy contributions from his relations friends band members fellow musicians and numerous others who recall a side of Kurt not previously revealed.
203660 He slept with Sal Mineo was photographed by Andy Warhol and he was lusted after by millions of men around the world. Model photographer filmmaker clothing designer and porn icon Peter Berlin is his own greatest creation. Berlin is front and center in this bio documentary from director Jim Tushinski and featuring interviews with director John Waters novelist Armistead Maupin 70s porn director Wakefield Poole and more all with Berlin as the subject. This intimate film reveals the legendary man with the white saran wrapped pants undersized leather vests and Dutch-boy haircut
203801 At the height of the Cold War a mysterious criminal organization plans to use nuclear weapons and technology to upset the fragile balance of power between the United States and Soviet Union. CIA agent Napoleon Solo and KGB agent Illya Kuryakin are forced to put aside their hostilities and work together to stop the evildoers in their tracks. The duo's only lead is the daughter of a missing German scientist whom they must find soon to prevent a global catastrophe.
203922 Anthony Wonke directs this documentary marking the 25th anniversary of the Piper Alpha oil rig disaster. Re-examining the events that led to the drilling platform at the time the largest and oldest in the North Sea oilfield exploding on the night of the 6th July 1988 killing 167 men the film includes testimonies from rescuers and some of the 61 survivors many of whom were forced to jump hundreds of feet into a flaming oil-covered sea and discovers what the physical and psychological legacy of the disaster has meant for those involved.
204037 An aging Irish businessman an aspiring Australian actress a retired American baseball player and a widowed British bodyguard attempt to complete the four most difficult ultra marathon races on Earth-- a goal previously only attempted by professional athletes. The four races bring them to the world's most picturesque and brutal deserts in Chile China Egypt and Antarctica where they will push their bodies minds and spirits to their limits. Desert Runners chronicles the intense year-long journey of these dedicated runners and the many obstacles that they face - both expected and unexpectedexternal and internal - and provides an intimate view into the complex ways human beings deal with heartbreak and triumph.
204082 Phil Broker is a former DEA agent who has gone through a crisis after his action against a biker gang went horribly wrong and it cost the life of his boss' son. He is recently widowed and is left with a 9-years-old daughter Maddy. He decides to quit the turbulent and demanding life of thrill for Maddy's sake and retires to a small town. His daughter fights off a boy who was bullying her at school and this sets in motion a round of events that end in his direct confrontation with the local Meth drug lord. His past history with the biker gang also enters the arena making matters more complex. But he has a mission in his mind to protect his daughter and he is ready to pay any cost that it demands.
204362 Frank Zappa: A Token of his Extreme is the 1974 television special recorded at Kcet in Hollywood that was produced by Zappa and aired only in France and Switzerland.  The program as thoroughly tweezed and produced by Zappa for his own Honker Home Video label includes the following musical performances by Zappa and his band: T”he Dog Breath Variations/ Uncle Meat” “Montana” “Florentine Pogen” “Stink-Foot” “Pygmy Twylyte” “Room Service” “Inca Roads” “Oh No” Son of Orange County” “More Trouble Every Day” and “A Token of My Extreme.”  In the words of Zappa himself as he said it on The Mike Douglas Show in 1976 “This is  put together with my own money and my own time and it’s been offered to television networks and to syndication and it has been steadfastly rejected by the American television industry.
204489 Enlisted to teach a class of wheelchair-users about filmmaking the neurotic Jasper gets a little more than he bargained for. His charges seem to know more than he does about his subject; they're not impressed by his own heartfelt social realist oeuvre; and they meet his every suggestion with the blank indifference peculiar to the streetwise adolescent. Questions condescending outreach projects self-defeating attitudes within the disabled community and the vacuity of the film business - all with a sly wink and a healthy helping of self-parody. Written by EFF
204491 Against all the odds film-maker and Labour voter John Walsh becomes a Conservative Candidate for a seat in a Labour heartland during the British 2010 General Election Campaign. What he uncovers is a place where intimidation and neglect have scarred a town that politics has forgotten. He goes on a quest to find the local absentee Labour Member of Parliament. Using his insights as a candidate and animation techniques ToryBoy is a political satire that cuts to the heart of the current British anger over politicians who have exploited a system for years. Working with news footage animation and film from the campaign shot over six months ToryBoy is a unique insight into the political culture of one of the worlds oldest democracies. Written by Anonymous
204582 Saige Copeland is a talented artist who loves horses. She's pumped up about the new school year and seeing her best friend Tessa. But that changes when Tessa seems to be hanging out with another girl and when art class is cut. Saige now trapped goes to her grandmother for help and takes action. Saige now must face her fear and overcome her stage fright. Can Saige let go of her fears and her jealousy to shine bright and regain her friendship with Tessa?
204869 Filmed at Runrig's 30th Anniversary Concert at Stirling Castle in Scotland in the summer of 2003.  It feature the songs:  Going Home - Hearthammer - Protect and Survive - Big Sky - Skye - Hearts of Olden Glory - Siol Ghoraidh - The Engine Room - Every River - Only the Brave - Dance Called America - Pride of the Summer - Proterra - Running to the Light - The Stamping Ground - Maymorning - Faileas Air An Airigh - Rocket to the Moon - Loch Lomond - Book of Golden Stories.
205047 For all her life Riley Adams has dreamed of being a world class dancer. Victory in regional competition has gained her a coveted shot at the nationals but a horrific accident brings her dreams to a standstill.  She is faced with the greatest setback of her life yet Riley clings to her faith determined to recover in time for the national competition.  Turning to equine therapy to regain mobility she discovers a special bond with a beautiful mare named Grace and a most unexpected burgeoning romance as well! Just when it seems the old Riley is back disaster strikes and it seems all her efforts will come to nothing. That is until God's grace appears from a most unexpected place.  Healed By Grace is a charming romantic and heart wrenching journey of faith that will take you from the excitement of elite dance competition to the heartwarming horse ranch where Riley rediscovers her will to succeed.
205055 There was a time as recently as the 1980s when storefronts murals banners barn signs billboards and even street signs were all hand-lettered with brush and paint. Today the proliferation of computer-designed die-cut vinyl lettering and inkjet printers has ushered a creeping sameness into our landscape. Fortunately there is a growing trend to seek out traditional sign painters and a renaissance in the trade. SIGN PAINTERS is a history of the craft and features the stories of more than two dozen sign painters working in cities throughout the United States.
205327 When two co-workers who can't see eye to eye in the office are unexpectedly forced to share a living space their initial distain soon transforms into attraction in this lighthearted look at the romantic games people play from filmmaker Michael Whaley. Michael (Whaley) and Stacey (Torres) can barely get along at the office much less tolerate each other as roommates - but when Michael and Stacey are forced to move in together the snooping landlords and gossiping co-workers soon take a backseat to the undeniable affection that they begin feeling for one and other.
205452 On 29th July 2013 ten years to the week since Robbie performed to 375000 people across three days Robbie Williams Live At Knebworth: 10th Anniversary Edition will be released. Even better news is that it's available to pre-order right now!  Remixed and remastered and available in HD on Blu-ray for the first time the release includes two never-before-seen performances Robbie's duet of Back For Good with Mark Owen the 2003 documentary Moments Of Mass Distraction and of course the show in all its glorious entirety.
205601 BELLE is inspired by the true story of Dido Elizabeth Belle the illegitimate mixed race daughter of a Royal Navy Admiral. Raised by her aristocratic great-uncle Lord Mansfield and his wife Belle's lineage affords her certain privileges yet the color of her skin prevents her from fully participating in the traditions of her social standing. Left to wonder if she will ever find love Belle falls for an idealistic young vicar's son bent on change who with her help shapes Lord Mansfield's role as Lord Chief Justice to end slavery in England
205666 After a faux retirement speech a vicious attack revealed Mark Henry's true objective… becoming WWE Champion. Can John Cena overcome size and momentum to stay out of the Hall of Pain or will The World's Strongest Man put a most elusive stamp on his near two-decade career? Plus Dolph Ziggler seeks revenge and the World Heavyweight Championship when he challenges Alberto Del Rio. And in the first ever Money In The Bank All Stars Ladder Match Rob Van Dam makes his much anticipated return to compete against 5 other former champions all battling to scale the ladder and grab destiny. Who will rise to the top at WWE Money in the Bank?
"205760 Creature of habit Jon Smith spends his days mindlessly working as a barista in New York City. When night falls this seeming everyman savagely kills ""filthy women"" as his social outlet. A chance encounter with Delia a young prostitute searching for an escape from her troubled past forces Jon to confront the most terrifying thing he has ever faced in all his dark affairs - himself. All God's Creatures examines the true nature of what it means to be a monster and reveals that love is not only for a chosen few but for all God's creatures."
205799 Hardcore rules for the stars of Hardcore wrestling. The matches are more brutal the moves are more desperate the action is more intense. They bring “HARDCORE” to a whole new level with ladders tables and the infamous Monsters Ball. Join Jeff Hardy Brother Runt James Storm Magnus Gen Me Kazarian Daniels Sam Shaw Gunner Crimson Shark Boy Messias Joseph Park Bully Ray Devon the members of Aces and 8s and more for this unforgettable display of hardcore wrestling. TNA WRESTLING presents ONE NIGHT ONLY: HARDCORE JUSTICE 2. It took place on March 19 2013 from the Impact Wrestling Zone in Orlando Florida and aired on PPV on July 5 2013.
205868 Max an angel in exile walks around the United States to help humans. In a small town in Maine he meets a young woman without a family named Sally. As she struggles to get custody of her younger brother Max immediately believes that his new mission is to help Sally. But Jo a strict angel is sent to explain to his colleague that this is not exactly what is expected of him. Indeed Max's mission is not to help Sally but Karl the manager of a small factory of Christmas decorations. His business is barely surviving because its traditional products do not meet the success of yesteryear. First bored Max notices that Karl knows Sally ...
205966 Tracklist:  1. We Come We Rave We Love  2. Greyhound vs Raise Your Hands (Axwell Mashup)  3. Wakanda  4. ID  5. Calling vs I Found You (Axwell Bootleg)  6. Rasputin/Leave The World Behind (Acappella)  7. Resurrection Together (Axwell &amp; Sebastian Ingrosso Bootleg)/Here We Go  8. Antidote vs Zeus (Swedish House Mafia OLT Booltleg)/Swagnum P.I.  9. Go-Go Boots vs Calling vs Epic (Swedish House Mafia OLT Bootleg)/Kidsos  10. In My Mind (Axwell Remix)  11. In The Air (Axwell Remix)/Teenage Crime (Axwell &amp; Henrik B Remode)  12. Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall (Swedish House Mafia Remix)  13. Don't You Worry Child  14. Quasar/Spectrum (Say My Name) (Acappella)/Insomnia/Sweet Disposition (Axwell &amp; Dirty South Remix)/Sweet Disposition (Acappella)  15. Miami 2 Ibiza/One (Your Name) Atom (Swedish House Mafia Bootleg)  16. Save The World (OLT Intro Edit)/Reload/Save The World (Acappella)/Heart Is King/Don't You Worry Child (Acappella)  17. Don't You Worry Child (Acoustic Guitar Version)
"206239 Tyven Tyven (""Hold My Heart"") follows the tense relationship between a father and his young daughter. The father Harald has divorced Cecilie his wife after an ugly breakup which involved accusations of spousal abuse and child molesting. Furious Harald kidnaps his 7-year-old daughter Lisa who he has been forbidden any contact with. Over the course of a few days the father and daughter grow closer. The police meanwhile have organized a manhunt for Harald and only one policewoman believes he is not a dangerous man."
"206277 A series of snapshots from the life of a fictional actress named Shirley serves to weave together thirteen paintings by Edward Hopper (e.g. ""Office at Night"" ""Western Motel"" ""Usherette"" ""A Woman in the Sun"") into a fascinating synthesis of painting and film personal and political history. Each station in Shirley’s professional and private life from the 1930s to 1960s is precisely dated: It is always August 28/29 of the year in question as the locations vary from Paris to New York to Cape Cod."
"206721 Recent college graduate Herman Schumacher has just taken up residence in an apparently great house with apparently great roommates. But all is not well. Why did the roommate Herman replaced leave all of his stuff behind as though he never really left? And why do the rest of the roommates ""assume"" he joined a cult? And why is there a makeshift tombstone with his name on it in the backyard? And what's the deal with the monster that's stealing Herman's socks and living in a giant labyrinth under the house? As Herman searches for the answers he'll learn that they can only be found on a path that leads to sex murderous murder hole-digging and a BATTLE TO THE DEATH!"
"206967 Doyle Simms grows up across the Hudson from NYC and flees his toxic family to attend a film program there. After a bumpy first year he returns more determined than ever to become a storyteller and figure out his place. Financial setbacks force Doyle to find creative ""rent-controlled living"" and begin a dual life living out of Penn Station while going to school. We follow Doyle over his college years as he begins to build relationships with several colorful characters such as Saul a homeless book dealer who shows him the ropes and his own brand of street philosophy and Allyson a beautiful struggling actress he carefully begins to pursue and fall for. Doyle begins to find a weird balance and begin to build a home but the pressure of maintaining his worlds begins to crack the faēade and he's forced to confront his past family demons and reconcile the person he wants to be with the person he is."
207137 On Saturday 12 November 2011 an eclectic range of British people turned the camera on themselves capturing the entertaining and mundane the exciting and unusual the poignant and the everyday. The result Britain in a Day tells the fascinating story of the British public in their own words.  Following on from the feature film Life in a Day this 90-minute film directed by BAFTA winner Morgan Matthews offers an extraordinarily candid look at 21st-century life across the UK crafted from over 750 hours of footage including 11526 clips submitted to YouTube. The documentary offers remarkable insight into the lives loves fears and hopes of people living in Britain today. This captivating self-portrait of Britain forms part of the BBC's Cultural Olympiad.
207160 Shirley Adams spends her days caring for her disabled son Donovan - he was shot in the back of the neck on his way home from school one afternoon over a year ago. Since then the Adams family has lost all their worldly possessions to medical bills. Shirley has no money no job and no husband - he left. The shooter is one of Donovan's childhood friends. Her reaction to the betrayal is so overwhelming that she chooses not to tell Donovan in fear of further damaging his already unstable emotional state. Determined to make a change in their lives Shirley actively decides to embrace their new circumstances hoping that Donovan will follow her example.
"207454 A famous writer is found hanged in his office. At first all police investigations conclude that it was suicide but when Samantha Kinsey owner of Seller 'Mystery Woman' starts his own investigation he discovers that there is chance that has been committed murder. The film is the first in a long series of American TV movies called"" Mystery Woman"" in which Samantha Kinsey the owner of a bookshop specializing in thrillers and suspense is involved in the resolution of real cases."
207459 Filmed over the course of two years Our City Dreams is the story of a woman's struggles and successes as an artist in New York City. Told through five women artists from youngest to oldest the film features Swoon Ghada Amer Kiki Smith Marina Abramovic and Nancy Spero. From the studio to the streets of New York from the canals of Venice to the alleys of Cairo and the beaches of Phuket Our City Dreams takes us deep into the artists' worlds.
207541 In 1997 Oscar-winning documentarian Allan Miller embarked on a film project with renowned conductor Zubin Mehta and celebrated Chinese film director Zhang Yimou  as they joined forces in a production of Puccini's opera Turandot in Florence. Before the year was out an extraordinary opportunity arose: to stage Turandot in its original setting in the Forbidden City of Beijing. The outdoor production was an undertaking on an epic scale. A fascinating chronicle of an unprecedented cross-cultural collaboration THE TURANDOT PROJECT combines the pageantry of this opulent opera production with a spectacular cinematic portrait of the struggles and triumphs of Zubin Mehta and Zhang Yimou to mount their production in this most historic venue of China. (Source: Amazon.com)
207750 The biggest event of the summer is here as the WWE Universe takes over the Staples Center in Los Angeles once again for the 26th annual SummerSlam! Can the underdog Daniel Bryan dethrone 11 time WWE Champion John Cena and win his first ever WWE Championship? Paul Heyman guys CM Punk and Brock Lesnar collide as The Best takes on The Beast! After suffering several attacks at the hands of the menacing Wyatt family The Devil’s Favorite Demon Kane has his chance to get even as he takes on Bray Wyatt in the menacing Ring of Fire match!
207768 Naturally beautiful Katie has just settled into New York where she like many other young women is trying to make it as a model. But what starts out as an innocent and simple photo shoot soon turns into something disturbingly unthinkable! Raped tortured and kidnapped to a foreign country Jessica is buried alive and left to die. Against all odds she manages to escape. Severely injured she will have to tap into the darkest places of the human psyche to not only survive but to exact her revenge…
"207772 An elegant meditation on time travel and ceremony in the form of a journey. In her first foray into digital video Minh-ha deconstructs the role of ritual in mediating between the past and the present. She explains ""Shown in their widespread functions and manifestations including more evident loci such as festivals religious rite and theatrical performance 'rituals' involve not only the regularity in the structure of everyday life but also the dynamic agents in the world of meaning."" With its lush imagery Minh-ha's Japan is viewed through mobile frames with doors and windows sliding shut revealing new vistas as it blocks out the old light."
207850 It was a bachelor’s life for hard-working and fun-loving Ray Ray Dominguez (Joey Dedio) who dreamt of leaving the barrio for a more carefree existence in Miami. That’s until one day when everything changed – and he became a reluctant “Tio Papi” aka Uncle Daddy to his sister’s six children ages 6 to 16. Now in charge of raising this energetic (and expensive) clan Ray Ray must make important decisions on what life really is all about. Combining heart-warming drama with light-hearted comedy TIO PAPI directed by Fro Rojas from the original screenplay by Joey Dedio and Brian Herskowitz is an upbeat story of life’s unexpected surprises and ultimately what matters the most – the love of family.
207871 Savannah is the true story of Ward Allen a romantic and bombastic character who rejects his plantation heritage for the freedom of life on a river. Ward navigates the change of early 20th century America on the wrong side of the law and society his long-time friend a freed slave named Christmas Moultrie at his side. Master of Shakespeare and the shotgun that provides Savannah's markets with fowl Ward fights for his rights as a hunter. His charisma and eloquent rhetoric win the heart of a society woman who defies her father to marry him. An elderly Moultrie tells the story of life on the river with his friend to a little boy who passes the legendary Ward Allen down to the next generation.
208035 Eight hundred German filmmakers (cast and crew) fled the Nazis in the 1930s. The film uses voice-overs archival footage and film clips to examine Berlin's vital filmmaking in the 1920s; then it follows a producer directors composers editors writers and actors to Hollywood: some succeeded and many found no work. Among those profiled are Erich Pommer Joseph May Ernst Lubitsch Fritz Lang Billy Wilder and Peter Lorre. Once in Hollywood these exiles helped each other housed new arrivals and raised money so others could escape. Some worked on anti-Nazi films like Casablanca. The themes and lighting of German Expressionism gave rise in Hollywood to film noir.
"208150 In the compelling follow-up to the internationally award-winning documentary ""Burzynski: the Movie"" Part II explores the current status of Antineoplastons' clinical testing sanctioned by the United States Food &amp; Drug Administration - and features a modern story of the struggling journeys of cancer patients being treated today at the Burzynski Clinic in Houston Texas.  Since the mapping of the Cancer Genome Burzynski has pioneered an expansion of his therapy which he calls ""Personalized Gene-Targeted Cancer Therapy"" where each patient's Genomic Cancer Atlas is mapped and a treatment regimen is personally tailored for each individual patient - vs. the conveyor belt ""one-size-fits-all"" approach that current oncology adheres to."
208381 From cradle to grave our parents peers institutions and society inform our values and behaviors but this process has been hijacked. State Of Mind examines the science of control that has evolved over generations to keep us firmly in place so that dictators power brokers and corporate puppeteers may profit from our ignorance and slavery. From the anvil of compulsory schooling to media and entertainment we are kept in perpetual bondage to the ideas that shape our actions.  State Of Mind delves into the abyss to expose the true agendas at work. This film reveals the secret manipulations at work and provides shocking and suppressed historical and current examples.  From the ancient roots of the control of human behavior to its maturity in the mind control experiments of intelligence agencies and other organs of manipulation State Of Mind reveals a plan for the future that drives home the dreadful price of our ignorance.
209121 This remarkable documentary made over a nine year period charts the story of Bernadette Devlin McAliskey’s political journey since her explosive entry into the public arena in the late sixties. Combining archive footage with a series of intimate interviews conducted with Devlin McAliskey director Lelia Doolan perfectly encapsulates the idiosyncrasies and rebelliousness which has fuelled her subject’s pivotal role at the heart of civil rights feminism and socialism in Northern Ireland. Bernadette is a fascinating and powerful account of this firebrand figure an impressively rounded depiction of a woman blessed with incredible eloquence clarity and firm socialist principles.
209146 Chronicle of the life of Manuel Delgado Villegas 'The Arropiero' the greatest mass murderer in the history of Spain. Erratic vagabond living selling his blood forty-eight confessed crimes but police could investigate only twenty of them and prove his involvement in seven some committed in France and Italy. Justice police and psychiatrists unable to digest this level of animality decide intern for life and marginalize with his summary. Reduced to plant died in 1998 and even today still alive many unknowns about his life.
209249 Retirement at last! Middle-aged and divorced company owner Richard Jones is looking forward to a worry-free existence as he arrives at his office on his last day of work. Much to his dismay he discovers that the management buyout of his company was fraudulent. The company is now bankrupt and the employee pension fund — including his own — has been embezzled. Enlisting the help of his ex-wife Kate Richard sets out to track down the shady businessman behind the fraud.
209276 19-year-old Eric arrogant and ultra-violent is prematurely transferred to the same adult prison facility as his estranged father. As his explosive temper quickly finds him enemies in both prison authorities and fellow inmates — and his already volatile relationship with his father is pushed past breaking point — Eric is approached by a volunteer psychotherapist who runs an anger management group for prisoners. Torn between gang politics prison corruption and a glimmer of something better Eric finds himself in a fight for his own life unsure if his own father is there to protect him or join in punishing him.
209284 America is in the midst of the Depression and the Kamp family is struggling to get by especially after Mrs. Kamp's untimely death. Now little Ruthie with her mother gone and her father overwhelmed by doctor bills resulting from her brother's polio expects another Christmas without presents or festivities. But when her father brings home one dollar in change and lets the children use it to buy special gifts for each other the Kamps come to find that money isn't what fills Christmas with joy love and miracles.
209583 No Way Out (2001) was a PPV event that took place on February 25 2001 at the Thomas & Mack Center in Las Vegas Nevada. It was presented by Weider Nutrition.  2 Main events were scheduled. The first saw The Rock challenge Kurt Angle for the WWF Championship. The other main event was a Three Stages of Hell match featuring Stone Cold Steve Austin and Triple H. The featured bout on the undercard was a Fatal Four Way match between defending WWF Intercontinental Champion Chris Jericho Chris Benoit Eddie Guerrero and X-Pac.
209636 Claire and her teenaged son Jesse along with their friend and ranch foreman Purly Owens work the cattle ranch that Claire once shared with her husband who was killed in a ranching accident. As the over-protective Claire contemplates selling the ranch a life-threatening accident strands her deep in the wilderness with only a wild wolf for company. While Claire and the wolf form an unlikely alliance in their struggle to survive Jesse is forced to grow up fast as he races to evade poachers and rescue his mom before it's too late!
209721 No Way Out (2004) was a PPV which took place on February 15 2004 at the Cow Palace in Daly City California. It was presented by THQ's MX Unleashed. It was the sixth event produced under the No Way Out name and starred wrestlers from the SmackDown! brand.  During the main event Eddie Guerrero challenged WWE Champion Brock Lesnar for the title. Two bouts were featured on the undercard; the first was a Triple Threat match where the winner would earn the right to challenge for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania XX; in the match featuring Kurt Angle The Big Show and John Cena. The second bout was a singles match in which Chavo Guerrero fought Rey Mysterio.
209854 Vengeance (2006) was a PPV which took place on June 25 2006 at the Charlotte Bobcats Arena in Charlotte North Carolina. It was the sixth annual Vengeance event. The event starred wrestlers from the Raw brand.  The card featured  two main events which resulted in Rob Van Dam defending the WWE Championship against Edge and D-Generation X (Triple H and Shawn Michaels) fighting the Spirit Squad (Kenny Johnny Mitch Nicky and Mikey) in a 5-on-2 Handicap match. One bout was featured on the undercard. In which John Cena competed against Sabu in an Extreme lumberjack match which featured superstars from the Raw and ECW brands at ringside.
209855 Unforgiven 2001 was the fourth Unforgiven PPV. It was presented by Clearasil and took place on September 23 2001 at the Mellon Arena in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.  The main event was a match for the WWF Championship with Alliance representative Stone Cold Steve Austin defending the title against WWF representative Kurt Angle. Two predominant matches were The Rock versus Booker T and Shane McMahon in a Handicap match for the WCW Championship and Rob Van Dam versus Chris Jericho for the WWF Hardcore Championship.  The undercard featured Tajiri versus Rhino for the WCW United States Championship Brothers of Destruction versus KroniK for the WCW Tag Team Championship Edge versus Christian for the WWF Intercontinental Championship Perry Saturn versus Raven and Dudley Boyz versus Big Show and Spike Dudley Lance Storm and The Hurricane and Hardy Boyz in a Fatal Four-Way Elimination match for the WWF Tag Team Championship.
209856 Unforgiven (2000) was the third Unforgiven PPV. The event was presented by RC Cola Edge and took place on September 24 2000 at the First Union Center in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.  The main event was a Fatal Four-Way match for the WWF Championship. The Rock defended the title against Chris Benoit The Undertaker and Kane.  The undercard featured Triple H versus Kurt Angle in a No Disqualification match Eddie Guerrero versus Rikishi for the WWF Intercontinental Championship Edge and Christian versus Hardy Boyz in a Steel Cage match for the WWF Tag Team Championship Chris Jericho versus X-Pac a 10-Minute Hardcore Battle Royal for the WWF Hardcore Championship Tazz versus Jerry Lawler in a Strap Match and Right to Censor versus Dudley Boyz and Acolytes Protection Agency in an eight-man tag team match.
209920 Dr. Lisa Leland is a brilliant surgeon with absolutely no bedside manner. She is leaving her practice at UCLA Hospital to move to the Hamptons where she will join her boyfriend as a concierge doctor treating the rich and famous. As she drives cross-country to her new life she hits a tractor in Normal North Carolina and her BMW is wrecked. Dr. Leland is found guilty of speeding and ordered to do community service as a doctor in Normal population 332. In a town with no wi-fi no lattes and no credit cards Lisa Leland begins to find herself and discovers what a meaningful life is all about.
209975 The Great American Bash (2006) was the third annual Great American Bash PPV. It took place on July 23 2006 at the Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis Indiana and was a SmackDown! brand-exclusive event. The main event was Rey Mysterio versus King Booker for the World Heavyweight Championship. One of the predominant matches on the card was The Undertaker versus The Big Show in the first ever Punjabi Prison match. Another primary match on the undercard was Batista versus Mr. Kennedy.
209999 In March 2011 Japan was beset by a huge earthquake a monstrous tsunami and the subsequent meltdown of the Fukushima nuclear plant. In the autumn of 2011 despite advice to the contrary Aerosmith brought their Back On The Road tour to Japan a country with which they'd always had a special relationship. The Japanese fans came out in their droves and Aerosmith responded with some of the finest gigs of their distinguished career. This film follows the band on that tour combining full length live tracks with behind the scenes footage which is at times touching and emotional and at others humorous and insightful. More than anything else it demonstrates the Japanese fans love affair with Aerosmith and their music.
210274 Long before Green Day and Blink 182 inflicted punk-rock's puncture wound on the map of mainstream music the Descendents were at home concocting the perfect mix of pop angst love and coffee. FILMAGE: The Story of DESCENDENTS/ALL follows drummer/square-peg Bill Stevenson and his 'caffeinated retardedness' as he pushes his rotating door of bandmates to 'achieve ALL' his philosophy of going for greatness at all costs. Stevenson is a force to be reckoned with--not even grapefruit-sized brain tumors can keep him down.
210305 Super genius Matty Hanson (Keir Gilchrist) works on top secret science project at a major university research lab. When Matty discovers a formula for invisibility he and his friend Alice (Emily Hirst) find themselves on the run from government agents and corporate bad guys who want the invisible ray to use as a military weapon. Now it's up to Matty to protect his invention help a girl in distress and solve a criminal conspiracy that unravels the mystery of what happened to his missing father.
210512 Backlash 2000 took place on April 30 2000 at the MCI Center in Washington D.C.. It was the second event under the Backlash chronology. The main event was a singles match for the WWF Championship with Shane McMahon as special guest referee in which The Rock (aided by Stone Cold Steve Austin) faced Triple H. Featured matches on the undercard included Chris Benoit against Chris Jericho for the WWF Intercontinental Championship and a six-man Hardcore match for the WWF Hardcore Championship.
"210695 Much Ado About Nothing is a comedic play by William Shakespeare thought to have been written in 1598 and 1599 as Shakespeare was approaching the middle of his career. The play was included in the First Folio published in 1623. Much Ado About Nothing is generally considered one of Shakespeare’s best comedies because it combines elements of robust hilarity with more serious meditations on honor shame and court politics. Like As You Like It and Twelfth Night Much Ado About Nothing though interspersed with darker concerns is a joyful comedy that ends with multiple marriages and no deaths.  Also known as ""Globe on Screen: Much Ado About Nothing""."
210697 Prince Hal son of King Henry IV seems to be squandering his life away with the fat knight Sir John Falstaff and the whores boozers and petty rogues of Eastcheap. But beside these scenes of glorious misrule gathers a nationwide rebellion led by the Duke of Northumberland and his charismatic son Hotspur. The first installment of Shakespeare's gripping account of the rise of Hal from idle barfly to monarch-in-waiting combines compelling power politics with the hilarious antics of Falstaff Shakespeare's greatest comic creation.
210701 Hotspur is dead and Prince Hal has proved his mettle on the battlefield but King Henry IV lies dying and the rebels show no sign of surrendering. Even Sir John Falstaff is forced out of the taverns to raise a militia but will his attachment to Hal be rewarded with promotion and the life of ease he feels sure he deserves? Henry IV Part 2 includes some of the greatest moments in Shakespeare: the deathbed scene of the old King when Hal contemplates the crown; and Hal's devastating rejection of Falstaff himself. Roger Allam ('a Falstaff to treasure' - The Times) won the 2011 Best Actor Olivier Award for his performance in Henry IV Parts 1 and 2. 'Jamie Parker (Prince Hal) is 'terrific to watch' (London Evening Standard); he appeared in As You Like It at the Globe in 2009 and was also in The History Boys at the National Theatre on Broadway and on film.
210733 I Am Because We Are is a 2008 documentary film directed by Nathan Rissman and written narrated and produced by Madonna through her production company Semtex Films. The film documents the concern over the millions of orphans in the African country of Malawi who have lost parents and siblings to HIV and AIDS many of whom live on the streets. The film also shows the efforts with Madonna's charitable organisation Raising Malawi in helping with improving their lives and conditions.
210745 During the 1940s Nevil Shute had a steady job as an engineer in the British military but in his spare time he wrote novels that were being well-received. Once the war was over Shute choose to move to Australia and focus on writing soon becoming an internationally acclaimed novelist. His novel On The Beach particularly hit a chord with the international community depicting the impact of global nuclear destruction. This documentary studies Shute's career and the adaptation of his most famous novel into a feature film in Melbourne as his predictions of a post-Hiroshima world seem to be foreboding in their accuracy.
210794 Contractor's Routine is the depiction of one day in the life of Jacob Borschevsky who although apparently harmless is a rather quirky and strange human being. Because of his lack of skills at fitting in with normal society Jacob has developed a full and rich fantasy life complete with an ultra ego who as his mentor is available at Jacob's beacon call. When Jacob resorts to horrible acts of violence and murder as a means of coping with his considerable frustrations with the workings of the real world it is left to the audience to decide - will Jacob's mentor be able to stop the violence from spilling over into the real world?
"210918 When estranged father dreamer and visionary architect Glen Howard Small bequeaths his daughter the task of writing his biography she answers instead with a provocative film about his precarious career and thorny private life. At 31 Glen Small founder and faculty member of the internationally acclaimed Southern California Institute of Architecture was a rising star. At 61 he can barely pay his bills. In the tradition of My Architect and The Royal Tenenbaums filmmaker Lucia Small digs deep to explore the delicate tension between her father's obligations to family and his life-long passion to ""save the world through architecture."""
"210926 This documentary tells the story of an unsung hero and self-made man David Abbott Jenkins who with almost superhuman stamina and boyish charm set out to single-handedly break every existing land speed record on his beloved Bonneville Salt Flats of Utah. More than a century later many of ""Ab's"" records remain unbroken and the legacy lives on in his custom car. Looking like something Batman would have owned the story comes full circle when Ab's son Marv restores the 12-cyclinder 4800-pound ""Mormon Meteor"" to its glory days for a ceremonial lap on the salt."
211078 From the 1930's to the 1970's pretty well every comedian or comic you might see on TV or the movies was Jewish. Jews came to dominate the world of western‐society comedy on radio stage and screen alike.Why did Jews dominate comedy in this period? And why did that domination end? Were Jews just funnier back then? And if so did that extend to your average Jew on the street? In this 90 minute documentary acclaimed director Alan Zweig will examine these questions and many others in this exploration of 20th century humour cultural decay and a search for a missing heritage.
211125 High school music teacher Beth Landon puts herself on the line when she invites world-famous country singer Jason Keith to perform at her rural town's Strawberry Festival. A one-hit wonder with a horrible rep for cancelling shows and copping an attitude Jason isn't what Beth's mother Eileen considers a reliable musical act for the beloved festival which she is proudly hosting with her good friend Ruth. Beth reigning as Strawberry Queen attempts to stick up for her favorite singer but when she finally meets Jason face-to-face it becomes obvious it won't be easy. But behind Jason's rock star image he's hiding a secret about his past that could turn his tanking career around. Along with his manager Ray Beth convinces Jason the festival gig is a great way to revitalize his career and win back his audience appeal. As Jason spends more time with Beth his attitude starts to fade as they each encourage the other to realize their deepest dreams as talented musicians.
211249 Inspired by a true story about a young German woman prepares to leave her war-ravaged city to begin a new life in America with her G.I. fiance. But standing between her and a hopeful future is a relentless police inspector determined to prevent her from escaping her past. He pushes her to face the truth about a child whose secret the woman has kept all this time. Before she can leave for her new life she will be forced to confront the past she has been trying to leave behind.
"211252 After years of seeing life through a kaleidoscope Daniel Bloom is declaring himself to be gone - to be ""Not Here."" He is a surrealist painter from New York and he is struggling for a clear head and an escape from the pressures of the outside world. A beautiful girl appears in his life to help guide him but he can only see her through mysterious visions that nearly drive him mad. His obsession only makes him more reclusive turning away his art dealer and the women in his life. Who is this girl? Is she for real? Or is she just a figment of his imagination? He will do anything to find out even if it costs him everything."
211402 Documentary filmmaker Mishara Canino-Hussung follows her husband as he investigates an old family story about the role his mother played in a series of mysterious sightings in upstate New York in the early 1990s. Her husband fellow filmmaker Bill Hussung is skeptical of the stories but hopes to please his mother as she battles cancer in New York City. What follows is a quirky and contemporary look at the power of mythology with two surprise endings that are sure to leave audiences wondering about the true nature of the mysterious lights in the night sky just north of New York City.
"211657 Three very distinct groups and their stories play centerfold to the world of ""Roaming Hungry"". Wreath a 24 year old mama's boy is forced to leave his house to find a job by his mother. In this effort to find employment he accidentally hits the first trace of zombie in the apocalypse a zombified girl by the name of Sarah . Wreath takes care of the zombie in secret whilst feeding it and eventually falling in love with it in his garage. In a different light a trio consisting of a girl named Stella and her two contesting love interests Josh and Brendan find themselves trapped in a provincial park amidst the zombie invasion struggling for survival. And last but not least two stoners Carl and Reggie venture on a vacation up a mountain to escape the looming apocalypse only to find themselves on the trail of a strangely agile zombie clown who will stop at nothing to devour the brains of them both."
211696 Mel Brooks: Make a Noise journeys through Brooks’ early years in the creative beginnings of live television — with Sid Caesar on Your Show of Shows — to the film genres he so successfully satirized in Young Frankenstein Blazing Saddles High Anxiety and Spaceballs — to the groundbreaking Broadway musical version of his first film The Producers. The documentary also delves into his professional and personal ups and downs — his childhood his first wife and subsequent 41-year marriage to Anne Bancroft — capturing a never-before-heard sense of reflection and confession.
212076 When a Black Panther raid on the house of a dope dealer goes awry an innocent young man is killed and the leader of the raid team a Panther named Charles Henderson (Obba Babatunde) is sentenced to life in prison. Bestselling author Paul Freeman (Modine) offers a creative-writing class in Henderson's prison initially looking for a story for his next book; but when Henderson becomes his student Freeman starts to investigate Henderson's case and becomes convinced that after 20 years Henderson deserves to be released--but the next step is convincing the sister of the man whose death Henderson is responsible for.
212716 Medical-school dropout Wallace has been repeatedly burned by bad relationships. So while everyone around him including his roommate Allan seems to be finding the perfect partner Wallace decides to put his love life on hold. It is then that he meets Chantry an animator who lives with her longtime boyfriend Ben. Wallace and Chantry form an instant connection striking up a close friendship. Still there is no denying the chemistry between them leading the pair to wonder what if the love of your life is actually your best friend?
212753 Like many Native families Lena Mahikan grew up in the cycle of abuse. Her father a residential school survivor was an alcoholic until he killed himself when Lena was 10. Her mother only 14 years her senior turned to the slots. By the time Lena was 15 she was pregnant and before giving birth was kicked to the curb by her mom. The cycle continues and Lena is now watching helplessly as her own daughter Peeka spirals out of control landing herself in the hospital following a drug overdose. As a final attempt at survival Lena decides to return home and face her own mother and a past she’s desperate to escape.
212849 In 1972 John Wojtowicz attempted to rob a Brooklyn bank to pay for his lover’s sex-change operation. The story was the basis for the film Dog Day Afternoon. The Dog captures John who shares his story for the first time in his own unique offensive hilarious and heartbreaking way.  We gain a historic perspective on New York's gay liberation movement in which Wojtowicz played an active role. In later footage he remains a subversive force backed by the unconditional love of his mother Terry whose wit and charm infuse the film. How and why the bank robbery took place is recounted in gripping detail by Wojtowicz and various eyewitnesses.
213198 Over the Limit (2010) was a PPV presented by Axe Hair which took place on May 23 2010 at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit Michigan. It was the first event promoted under the Over the Limit name.  In the main event from the Raw brand John Cena faced Batista for the WWE Championship while The Big Show versus World Heavyweight Champion Jack Swagger was the main event from the SmackDown brand. Matches on the undercard included Randy Orton against Edge CM Punk facing Rey Mysterio and Drew McIntyre defending the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Kofi Kingston. Other championships defended at the event were the WWE Divas Championship and the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship.  The event drew 197000 pay-per-view buys and was attended live by 11000 people. Five wrestlers sustained legitimate injuries during the course of the show.
213360 An interesting cast of characters aim to get their hands on The Book of Tai which currently resides in the grave of the first Ming Emperor. The lucky person who finds it is set to become the all-powerful Chinese ruler which sends throngs of power-hungry citizens scrambling to get a hold of it. Little do they know it will take a deadly fight to obtain the commodity. Stars Vicki Zhao and pop singer Nicky Wu. Directed by Ching Siu Tung.
213381 One million Dutchmen (out of 16 million) play soccer. Almost two million fish at least once a year. Fishing might be the most remarkable sport in the world. The documentary V.I.S.S.E.N (FISHING) dives into the world of Dutch fish and fishermen. Above and under water on the IJ at the coast on the North Sea in the cities in the polder and on and by lakes and rivers. The film is a personal filmic search for the “primordial fisher” in mankind and a portrait of the Netherlands by and on the water. V.I.S.S.E.N is also about what moves the fishermen. Who are the people that fish? Is fishing a hobby a sport an escape or a primordial instinct one cannot repress? What goes through your mind when you fish when you catch something or when you do not catch anything. And: what's it like for the fish getting hooked?
213461 Hard Problems is about the extraordinary gifted students who represented the United States in 2006 at the world's toughest math competition: The International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO). It is the story of six American high school students who competed with 500 others from 90 countries in Ljublijana Slovenia. The film shows the dedication and perseverance of these remarkably talented students the rigorous preparation they undertake and the joy they get out of solving challenging math problems. It captures the spirit that infuses the mathematical quest at the highest level.
213510 After being released from an Italian prison British officer Eric Newby (Blue) must find his way out of Italy before the Germans come. However he is injured on the way and is left behind from his fellow soldiers. He is helped out by the local Italians and he meets Wanda (Bobulova) a beautiful local girl who helps him learn Italian so he can escape. Slowly their small friendship turns into a romance but with the Germans looking for Eric they are kept apart not knowing what will happen.
213849 Columbus' 4th voyage has been a total failure: he has not found the westward passage he has no gold to show he has lost men and ships and his efforts to build a colony have fallen through. The monarchs of Spain are not going to restore the rights and privileges which were taken away from Columbus after the first voyage. And Columbus will be shamed. Many of his sailors who have survived can't face the journey home. They will choose to remain on Hispaniola or neighbouring Puerto Rico.
"213894 Walt Disney publicly unveiled his plans on November 15 1965 for a new theme park to be built in Orlando Florida that would become the Walt Disney World Resort. Join Walt Disney Imagineers for a 100 minute tour ""behind-the-magic"" of the creation of the Walt Disney World Resort and the Magic Kingdom Park. Learn how your favorite attractions were ""Imagineered"" by the men and women who designed them. See the newest attractions and the re-imagining of the classics including Pirates of the Caribbean Attraction and the expanded Haunted Mansion Attraction. Take a private tour of the new Cinderella Castle suite and see how attractions in the Magic Kingdom Park went from dreams to sketches to reality."
213927 Danny Krueger is a twenty-year old drag racer who plays by his own rules. After winning a scholarship to the prestigious Fast Lane Racing Academy Danny finds himself competing against some of the fiercest young drivers in the world. Tension soars on and off the track and a terrible incident leaves Danny without a racing partner. Facing dismissal from the academy Danny is forced to team up with an old rival. The pair must learn to set aside their differences as they vie for rookie spots on a professional racing team.
214109 A televsion reporter tasked with making a feature about Jean Jacques Rousseau's upcoming 300th birthday uses a local Swiss boy with a remarkable knowledge about the philosopher as her angle for the feature. She then brings in a local professor and Rousseau expert to try to explain how this boy could possibly know so much about a philosopher who died over a hundred years before he was even born. What unfolds is a story about friendship nature and the unequal distribution of wealth.
"214144 British sad sack Gary is a failed entrepreneur who has just arrived in Beijing's stylish Sanlitun district allegedly to start a business. There are other reasons why he has uprooted himself — he's followed his ex-wife and young son for one — but he soon finds out that China isn't the easiest place to succeed. Blissfully untouched by self-awareness and only fitfully in tune with reality Gary sallies forth to make money armed with faith in himself and little to no knowledge of Chinese culture. He soon hooks up with Frank a trust-fund kid from Australia who offers to mentor Gary in Eastern ways although Frank's pedagogical method is restricted to yelling at Gary for being a Westerner and not being as ""Chinese"" as him."
214264 The Gamers: Hands of Fate follows Cass (Brian Lewis) as he sets out to win a collectible card game world championship… and a date with Natalie (Trin Miller) one of the game's top players.  Meanwhile in Countermay a world far across time and space Myriad (Samara Lerman) begins to suspect that fate has stacked the deck against her as she attempts to save her kingdom from a ravenous army of the undead.  Set at Gen Con Indy a massive midwest games convention this fantasy comedy from the makers of Dorkness Rising and JourneyQuest presents a new chapter in the epic decade-spanning tale that began in The Gamers.
214431 Builds up on the original's idea of a fetish-reality-documentary melting pot following international latex fetish icon Bianca Beauchamp and her kinky friends day and night during a 3-day fetish event on stage behind the scenes at home even! and this time with a lot more latex extravagance and glamor! Following Bianca &amp; her friends escapades offers a unique perspective on the subject of fetish often considered taboo by many and sheds a fun light into a world where cameras are usually frown upon. The result is a fun and captivating ride demystifying international fetish events its artists top models and party people. The film was shot at the Montreal Fetish Weekend 2007. Written by Martin Perreault
214459 The event will be the first UFC event broadcast on Fox Sports 1.  The main event is expected to be contested between former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Maurķcio Rua and Chael Sonnen. The bout was first linked to UFC 161 as Sonnen was briefly mentioned as a short notice replacement for Rua's original opponent Antōnio Rogério Nogueira who had bowed out of the bout with a back injury. Sonnen's status as a felon created travel issues to get into Canada resulting in Rua being pulled from the event altogether.
"214509 Faixas: 01. That´s The Way I Like It 02. Rock Your Baby 03. You Make Me Feel Like Dancing 04. Mr. Big Stuff 05. Le Freak 06. Ain´t No Stopping Now 07. Rock The Boat 08. Best Of My Love 09. We Are Family 10. Boogie Shoes 11. It´s Raining Men 12. Disco Inferno 13. I Will Survive 14. Heaven Must Be Missing An Angel 15. 25 Miles 16. December 1963 ""Oh What a Night"" 17. If Can´t Have You 18. More Than a Woman 19. Fhashdance...What a Feeling 20. Get Down Tonight"
"214576 This documentary is the most comprehensive look at the ""untouchables"" in India. Motivated by ancient religious edicts no amount of governmental encouragement has been able to stem the tragic custom that separates human beings according to their birth. Those considered untouchable suffer more than isolation they are forced to fulfill menial tasks in their communities drink from separate containers remove their shoes on the street as a sign of respect and perform or exhibit many other outward signs of their perceived inferiority. While the media projects a positive image of a democratic India filmmaker Stalin Kurup spends four years traveling the country to expose the continued oppression of the Dalits ""the broken people"" in a wide variety of communities including Sikhs Christians and Muslims."
214607 In 2009 started the hardest and longest footrace in the world: an average run of 43 miles/day 64 total stages no days off for a total of 2800 miles from southern Italy up to the North Cape in Norway. Nights were spent in gyms kindergartens or swimming baths on own mats there where no accompanying service teams no closed streets during the racing day... The performance expectations were turned upside down. It's not just about physical fitness but also about who can master this huge challenge in their head. Women become dreaded opponents of men. Ideal age is 40 - that's when mind and body are equally strong.
"214703 Joe believed in right and wrong until... His job outsourced to India. His teaser rate spiked. His wife bailed. But Joe has a plan...to get it all back and more. Joe returns home to the last place on planet Earth where real men can be found...Chicago. Joe's Uncle Dominic is ""connected"". Joe wants in...to The Mob or ""The Outfit"" as it is called in Chicago. And he'll do anything to make it happen. Can a wanna-be wise guy live a long and happy life ? A way cool element of The Return of Joe Rich is amazing HD documentary footage of 10 real-life ""Chicago Guys"" ages 73 to 89. These ""guys"" found themselves in the same predicament in real life in the 1930's 40's and 50's that Joe does today. They form a ""Greek Chorus"" which inter-cuts with the present day narrative of The Return of Joe Rich. Written by Sam Auster"
214727 No Way Out (2000) was a PPV which took place on February 27 2000 at the Hartford Civic Center in Hartford Connecticut. It was presented by PhoneFree.com. It was the first event produced under the No Way Out name although it was preceded in 1998 by an event named No Way Out of Texas . The main event was a Hell in a Cell match a match where the ring and ringside area was surrounded by a 20-foot-high roofed steel cell between WWF Champion Triple H and Cactus Jack. The featured bout on the undercard was a singles match for a championship match at WrestleMania 2000 in which The Big Show competed against The Rock. Chris Jericho defended the Intercontinental Championship against Kurt Angle and The New Age Outlaws defended the Tag Team Championships against The Dudley Boyz.
214870 One Giant Leap have created a unique music TV and film project. What About Me? is the culmination of 4 years work visiting 50 global locations collecting wisdom and musical jewels. It's an inspiring and alarming look at our collective insanity: how we are ego-driven needy in relationships insatiable in desire addicted to status wounded by childhood and unable to stop thinking but how we still manage to be inspired and creative. Unscripted with no storyboard these conversations all reveal how we are connected not only through our creativity and our beliefs but most of all through our madness! (excerpted Jamie Catto)
"215048 TV's Mark Evans relishes a challenge. He's built a supercar from scratch put together a 200 mph plane and painstakingly restored various rusty wrecks back to their former glory and all in front of television cameras. He's even built his own helicopter. But in this his latest quest Mark takes on a more down-to-earth challenge shared by millions of motorists every year: How to get the best price possible for your car when the time comes to sell.  Mark asks a stranger to lend him her 5-Series BMW Estate. It's 12 years old done 130000 miles and although much loved is in a sad and sorry state. Once bright red all over the paintwork is now various shades of pink and the car is filthy dirty inside and out. It's been valued at just £375.  What happens next is nothing short of miraculous. Coached by an experienced valeting professional but using only DIY car cleaning products Mark and his old friend Pete ""Mate"" wash wipe preen and polish the Beamer beyond recognition."
215433 Insurrextion (2000) took place on May 6 2000 at the Earls Court in London England.  The main event was a Triple Threat that saw The Rock Triple H and Shane McMahon compete for the WWF Championship Eddie Guerrero defended the European Championship against Chris Jericho Edge & Christian defended the Tag Team Championships from The Hardy Boyz. Crash Holly defended his WWF Hardcore title against The British Bulldog (In the Bulldog's final PPV appearance) and 6 more matches filled out the under card.
215445 Judgment Day (2000) was the first annual Judgment Day PPV. It was presented by 3DO's Army Men: World War and took place on May 21 2000 at the Freedom Hall in Louisville Kentucky.  The main event was an Iron Man match for the WWF Championship and featured Triple H facing The Rock with Shawn Michaels as the special guest referee.  Featured matches on the undercard included a double tables match featuring D-Generation X (Road Dogg and X-Pac) defeating The Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von). The other featured match on the undercard was a Submission match for the WWF Intercontinental Championship between Chris Benoit and Chris Jericho which Benoit won to retain the championship.
215447 King of the Ring (2000) was the eighth annual King of the Ring PPV. The event was presented by Subway and took place on June 25 2000 at the Fleet Center in Boston Massachusetts.  The main event was a six-man tag team match between McMahon-Helmsley Faction (Triple H Vince and Shane McMahon) and the team of The Rock Kane and The Undertaker. Triple H's WWF Championship was defended in the match. The undercard featured the 2000 King of the Ring tournament. The 2000 edition was the largest King of the Ring tournament with 32 competitors taking part.
215458 SummerSlam (2000) was the thirteenth annual SummerSlam PPV. The event was presented by Chef Boyardee and took place on August 27 2000 at the Raleigh Entertainment and Sports Arena in Raleigh North Carolina.  The main event was a Triple Threat match for the WWF Championship involving champion The Rock Triple H and Kurt Angle. One of the predominant matches on the undercard was Kane versus The Undertaker. Another featured match was the first Tables Ladders and Chairs match for the Tag Team Championship involving champions Edge and Christian The Hardy Boyz (Matt and Jeff) and The Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von).
215466 No Mercy (2000) was the third No Mercy PPV. It was presented by Presto and took place on October 22 2000 at the Pepsi Arena in Albany New York.  The main event was a No NQ match for the WWF Championship where The Rock defended the title against Kurt Angle. The other main match was a No Holds Barred Match between the returning Stone Cold Steve Austin and Rikishi.  The undercard featured Triple H versus Chris Benoit Hardy Boyz versus Los Conquistadores for the WWF Tag Team Championship William Regal versus Naked Mideon for the WWF European Championship Right to Censor versus Chyna and Mr. Ass in a tag team match Chris Jericho versus X-Pac in a Steel cage match Acolytes Protection Agency and Lita versus T & A and Trish Stratus in a six-person mixed tag team match and a Dudley Boyz Invitational Tables match.
215468 Survivor Series (2000) was the fourteenth annual Survivor Series PPV. It was presented by 3DO's Warriors of Might and Magic and took place on November 19 2000 at the Ice Palace in Tampa Florida.  The main event was a No NQ match between Stone Cold Steve Austin and Triple H which spilled to the backstage area.  The undercard featured Dudley Boyz and Hardy Boyz versus Edge and Christian and Right to Censor in a four-on-four Survivor Series elimination match Kurt Angle versus The Undertaker for the WWF Championship Ivory versus Lita for the WWF Women's Championship The Rock versus Rikishi William Regal versus Hardcore Holly for the WWF European Championship Kane versus Chris Jericho The Radicalz versus D-Generation X in a four-on-four Survivor Series elimination match and Steve Blackman Crash Holly and Molly Holly versus T & A and Trish Stratus in a Six Person Mixed Tag match.
215472 Rebellion (2000) took place on December 2 2000 at the Sheffield Arena in Sheffield England.  The main event was a Fatal Four-Way match for the WWF Championship between Kurt Angle Rikishi Steve Austin and The Rock.  Undertaker competed against Chris Benoit Right to Censor defended the Tag Team Championship against the Hardy Boyz Kane fought Chris Jericho  William Regal defended the European Championship against Crash Holly Steve Blackman defended the Hardcore Championship against Perry Saturn and Ivory defended the Women's Championship against Lita.
215477 Armageddon (2000) was a professional wrestling PPV that took place on December 10 2000 at the Birmingham-Jefferson Civic Center in Birmingham Alabama. It was the second annual Armageddon event and the only WWE pay-per-view event ever to be held in the state of Alabama.  The main event match of Armageddon 2000 was a six-man Hell In A Cell match for Kurt Angle's WWF Championship. The challengers were The Undertaker The Rock Triple H Rikishi and Stone Cold Steve Austin.  Ivory defended the Women's championship in a Triple Threat match against Molly Holly and Trish Stratus.
215508 Backlash (2001) was a PPV presented by Castrol GTX. It took place on April 29 2001 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont Illinois and was the third event under the Backlash chronology.  The main event was a tag team match for the WWF Championship the WWF Intercontinental Championship and the WWF Tag Team Championship between The Two Man Power Trip (Steve Austin and Triple H) and the Brothers of Destruction (Kane and The Undertaker) in which the person to get the fall would win the Tag Team Championship as well as the championship of the wrestler who was pinned. Featured matches on the undercard included a Last Man Standing match between Shane McMahon and The Big Show and an Ultimate Submission match featuring Chris Benoit and Kurt Angle.
"215526 Set in the bleak underworld of the Hungarian and Italian human trafficking business the story follows Nora a young girl taken from an orphanage in Budapest to be sold on the streets of Italy as a prostitute. It becomes a violent race against time as the authorities fail to track her down Nora is taken on a nightmarish journey of fear and betrayal. Soon becoming live bate caught in the midst of two warring Mafia families. Her mysterious ""transporter"" may become her only friend and her only way out."
215630 Gare du Nord in Paris is a transit station for all those coming from the suburbs the provinces or abroad. Accompanied by Simon Mérabet the son of Algerian immigrants from the Var Human Geography offers a series of brief meetings with individuals who recount their lives in just a few words before disappearing to take their trains. The crowd of passengers is embodied in these stories one life after another and we see how globalization fashions individual destinies subject to geographical and economic pressures.
215687 Judgment Day (2001) was a professional PPV presented by RC Cola. It was the third such annual event and took place on May 20 2001 at the ARCO Arena in Sacramento California.  The main event was Steve Austin defending the WWF Championship against The Undertaker in a No Holds Barred match. Two featured bouts were scheduled on the undercard. In a Chain match Triple H defended the WWF Intercontinental Champion against challenger Kane. The other featured bout was a two out of three falls match which saw Kurt Angle compete against Chris Benoit with Kurt Angle's Gold Medal on the line.
215690 King of the Ring (2001) was the ninth annual King of the Ring PPV. It was presented by Mars' Combos and took place on June 24 2001 at the Continental Airlines Arena in East Rutherford New Jersey.  The main event was a Triple Threat match involving Chris Benoit Steve Austin and Chris Jericho  for the WWF Championship.  The undercard featured the 2001 King of the Ring tournament. Other matches on the undercard included a Street Fight between Kurt Angle and Shane McMahon a WWF Light Heavyweight Championship match between champion Jeff Hardy and challenger X-Pac and a WWF Tag Team Championship between champions Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von) and the challenger team of Kane and Spike Dudley.
"215694 Invasion (also typeset as InVasion) was a PPV presented by Sony's PlayStation 2. It took place on July 22 2001 at the Gund Arena in Cleveland Ohio. This event was originally planned to be called Fully Loaded 2001 as it was advertised at the King of the Ring 2001 event which immediately preceded Invasion.  Invasion was the first PPV to feature the Invasion of wrestlers from the WWF taking on a combined force of wrestlers from World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) later known as The Alliance. The main event dubbed the ""Inaugural Brawl"" was a five-on-five tag team match between Team WWF and Team WCW/ECW. The other main match was a singles match for the WWF Hardcore Championship between Rob Van Dam and Jeff Hardy."
215700 SummerSlam (2001) was the fourteenth annual SummerSlam PPV and the third presented by Chef Boyardee. It took place on August 19 2001 at the Compaq Center in San Jose California.  The main event was Booker T versus The Rock for the WCW Championship. Another main match on the card was Steve Austin versus Kurt Angle for the WWF Championship. Also on the undercard was a Steel cage match between WCW Tag Team Champions Undertaker and Kane and WWF Tag Team Champions Diamond Dallas Page and Kanyon.
215708 No Mercy (2001) was the fourth No Mercy professional wrestling PPV. It was presented by Subway and took place on October 21 2001 at the Savvis Center in St. Louis Missouri.  The main event was a Triple Threat No Disqualification match for the WWF Championship between Stone Cold Steve Austin Kurt Angle and Rob Van Dam.  The undercard featured The Rock versus Chris Jericho for the WCW Championship The Undertaker versus Booker T Dudley Boyz versus Big Show and Tajiri for the WWF Tag Team Championship Christian versus Edge in a Ladder match for the WWF Intercontinental Championship Torrie Wilson versus Stacy Keibler in a Lingerie match Test versus Kane and Hardy Boyz versus Lance Storm and The Hurricane for the WCW Tag Team Championship.
215711 WHEN THE IRON BIRD FLIES takes us on an up-close and personal journey exploring the complex interactions between contemporary Tibetan Buddhism and western culture. The film goes in-depth to portray the experiences and insights of both teachers and practitioners in the US and around the world. Along the way it illuminates the wide ranging dialogs taking place between Buddhist teachings and science psychology gender theory and the arts. The film creates a vivid and entertaining portrait of the world of Tibetan Buddhism as it is manifesting in the West and asks the vital question - 'In these increasingly chaotic modern times can these age old teachings help us to find genuine happiness and create a saner more compassionate 21st century world?'
215714 Rebellion (2001) took place on November 3 2001 at the Manchester Arena in Manchester England.  The main event was a WWF Championship match featuring Stone Cold Steve Austin and The Rock.  The WCW Championship was also on the line between Chris Jericho and Kurt Angle. The WCW Tag Titles were defended by the Dudley Boyz in a Triangle match against the APA and The Hardy Boyz.  The final title on the line was a Steel Cage match for the Intercontinental Title between former partners Edge and Christian.
215728 Vengeance (2001) was the first annual Vengeance PPV. It was presented by Lugz and took place on December 9 2001 at the San Diego Sports Arena in San Diego California.  The main feature of the event was a three-match tournament to unify the WWF Championship and the unbranded former WCW Championship into what became known as the Undisputed Championship. Stone Cold Steve Austin competed against kurt Angle in the first match for the WWF Championship. Chris Jericho then competed against the Rock for the World Championship. The winners of those two matches then fought for the Undisputed Championship title.  In the undercard The Hardcore Championship was defended by Rob Van Dam against The Undertaker Edge defended the Intercontinental Championship against William Regal Big Show and Kane challenged The Dudley Boyz for the Tag team Championship belts and Trish Stratus fought Jacqueline for the Women's Championship.
215759 Gertie and Izzie are two young girls on their own. Abandoned by their father and orphaned by their mother they are doing the best they can to stay in school stay undetected and stay together. With assistance from their mother before her passing the girls are financially prepared to sustain themselves for some time. Gertie 14 takes seriously her charge to raise her younger sister Izzie 10 alone. Greg and Tonya are a couple whose love for one another radiates and for some time now they have attempted to build a family and have failed. Tonya longs to share the love and nurturing she has been channeling through her job as a teacher into children of her own. Is it God’s will that they don’t have children?
"215866 No Way Out (2002) was a professional wrestling PPV that took place on February 17 2002 at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee Wisconsin.  The biggest angle for No Way Out was when Vince McMahon revealed that he would unleash the New World Order (nWo) upon the World Wrestling Federation in an attempt to ""kill (his) creation"". The Main Event saw Chris Jericho defend the Undisputed Championship against Stone Cold Steve Austin. Triple H faced Kurt Angle in a number one contender's match The Rock competed against The Undertaker Edge fought William Regal in a Brass Knuckles on a Pole match and the Tag Team Championships were one the line between Tazz &amp; Spike Dudley versus Booker T &amp; Test."
215889 Judgment Day (2002) was the fourth annual Judgment Day PPV. It was presented by 1-800-CALL-ATT and took place on May 19 2002 at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville Tennessee. It featured talent from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The main match from SmackDown was a Singles match for the WWE Undisputed Championship featuring The Undertaker challenging Hollywood Hulk Hogan. The main match from Raw was a Handicap match featuring Steve Austin versus Ric Flair and The Big Show. The predominant match from SmackDown on the undercard was a Hell in a Cell match between Triple H and Chris Jericho. The other predominant from Raw was a Singles match for the WWE Intercontinental Championship featuring Eddie Guerrero defending the belt against Rob Van Dam. The other primary match on the undercard was a Hair vs. Hair match featuring Edge against Kurt Angle.
215890 A new feature-length documentary filmed for the Special Edition Scream Factory Blu-Ray Release of George Romero's 1985 film Day of the Dead  A small group of scientists and soldiers have taken refuge in an underground missile silo where they struggle to control the flesh-eating horror that walks the earth above. But will the final battle for the future of the human race be fought among the living or have they forever unleashed the hunger of the dead? Lori Cardille (Tales from the Darkside) Joe Pilato (Night of the Living Dead: Origins 3D) and Richard Liberty (The Crazies) star in this controversial classic with groundbreaking gore effects by Tom Savini.”
215891 King of the Ring (2002) was the tenth annual King of the Ring PPV. It was presented by Snickers and took place on June 23 2002 at the Nationwide Arena in Columbus Ohio. It was the final King of the Ring pay-per-view event.  The main match from SmackDown was a singles match for the WWE Undisputed Championship whichThe Undertaker defended from Triple H. The main match from Raw was a singles match which Brock Lesnar competed aganst Rob Van Dam in the finals of the King of the Ring tournament. The predominant match on the undercard was Kurt Angle versus Hollywood Hulk Hogan and the other matches on the undercard were Ric Flair versus Eddie Guerrero a WWE Women's Championship match between champion Trish Stratus and challenger Molly Holly and a WWE Cruiserweight Championship match between champion The Hurricane and challenger Jamie Noble.
215897 Vengeance (2002) was a PPV which took place on July 21 2002 at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit Michigan.  The main event from SmackDown saw the WWE Undisputed Championship in a Triple Threat featuring The Rock Kurt Angle and the defending champion The Undertaker. The main event from Raw was between the champion Rob Van Dam and challenger Brock Lesnar for the WWE Intercontinental Championship. The undercard featured The Un-Americans (Lance Storm and Christian) versus Hollywood Hulk Hogan and Edge for the WWE Tag Team Championship and John Cena's first ever WWE Pay-Per-View match against Chris Jericho.
215918 1982 a film inspired by true events at the onset of the crack epidemic in Philadelphia tells the story of a father and his efforts to protect his gifted daughter from the insidious epidemic which has literally come home via her drug-addicted mother. As his wife becomes more distant and unreliable he struggles to raise his daughter on his own while still striving to help his wife become clean. In the process he learns some hard truths about his marriage and his life which will ultimately test him as a parent a husband and a man.
215921 Unforgiven (2002) was a PPV presented by Castrol GTX that took place on September 22 2002 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles California. It was the fifth annual WWE Unforgiven event.  The main event from the SmackDown! brand featured WWE Champion Brock Lesnar fighting The Undertaker to defend the title. The main event from the Raw brand featured World Heavyweight Champion Triple H defending against Rob Van Dam for the title. Four matches were featured on the undercard. The first was a singles match between Chris Benoit and Kurt Angle. The next was Trish Stratus challenging Molly Holly for the WWE Women's Champion. Eddie Guerrero fought Edge and WWE Intercontinental Champion Chris Jericho defended his title from Ric Flair.
"215969 From 1978 to 1982 Glenn O'Brien hosted a New York city public access cable TV show called TV Party. Co-hosted by Chris Stein from Blondie and directed by filmmaker Amos Poe the hour long show took television where it had never gone before: to the edge of civility and ""sub-realism"" as Glenn would put it. Walter Steding and his TV Party ""Orchestra"" provided a musical accompaniment to the madness at hand and many artists and musicians from The Clash Nile Rodgers Jean-Michel Basquiat David Bryne and Arto Lindsey were regular guests. It was the cocktail party that could be a political party.  With 80 hours of disintegrating 3/4 inch videotape as a starting point we tracked down the trend setting participants still living today and found out what they remember of the period and how the show influenced their lives. This combined with clips from the orginal show became the documentary ""TV Party."
215980 No Mercy (2002) was a PPV presented by Subway that took place on October 20 2002 at the Alltel Arena in North Little Rock Arkansas. It was the fifth annual WWE No Mercy PPV and featured wrestlers from the Raw and SmackDown! brand.  The main event from the SmackDown! brand featured WWE Champion Brock Lesnar defend against The Undertaker in a Hell in a Cell. The main event from the Raw brand was a title unification match where World Heavyweight Champion Triple H fought WWE Intercontinental Champion Kane  .  The undercard featured Trish Stratus versus Victoria for the WWE Women's Championship Kurt Angle and Chris Benoit versus Edge and Rey Mysterio for the new WWE Tag Team Championship Jamie Noble versus Tajiri for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship Rob Van Dam versus Ric Flair Torrie Wilson versus Dawn Marie and Chris Jericho and Christian versus Booker T and Goldust for the World Tag Team Championship.
215986 Armageddon (2002) was the third Armageddon PPV. It was presented by Lugz and took place on December 15 2002 at the Office Depot Center in the Ft. Lauderdale suburb of Sunrise Florida and featured talent from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The main match on the Raw brand was a Three Stages of Hell match for the World Heavyweight Championship between champion Shawn Michaels and Triple H. The first match was a Street Fight the second match was a Steel cage match and the third and final match (if necessary) was a Ladder match. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was The Big Show versus Kurt Angle for the WWE Championship. Other matches on the undercard were Chris Benoit vs. Eddie Guerrero Batista vs. Kane Edge vs. A-train and a Tag Team Elimination match for the belts.
215988 Global Warning is a World Wrestling Entertainment Tour of Australia that took place on August 10 2002 at Colonial Stadium in Melbourne Australia.  The main event was a Triple Threat match in which The Rock defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Triple H and Brock Lesnar.  Other matches include a Bra and panties match between Torrie Wilson and Stacy Keibler Edge vs Chris Jericho Kurt Angle vs. Test Rikishi vs Rico in a Kiss My Ass match Jamie Noble vs Hurricane Helms for the Cruiserweight Championship and Lance Storm 7 Christian defending the Tag team Championships against Billy Kidman and Rey Mysterio.
216168 No Way Out (2003) was the fourth annual (fifth overall) No Way Out PPV. It was presented by Starburst took place on February 23 2003 at the Bell Centre in Montreal Quebec and starred the promotion's Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The main event from the SmackDown! brand was a rematch from WrestleMania X8 between Hulk Hogan and The Rock. The main event from the Raw brand was a World Heavyweight Championship match between Triple H and Scott Steiner. The main match on the undercard from Raw was the encounter of Steve Austin and Eric Bischoff while the main match on the undercard from SmackDown! was a Six-man Tag Team match between the team of Team Angle (Kurt Angle Charlie Haas and Shelton Benjamin) and the team of Brock Lesnar Edge and Chris Benoit where Edge was unable to participate in the match due to injury.
216171 Backlash (2003) was the fifth annual Backlash PPV. It was presented by Castrol GTX and took place on April 27 2003 at the Worcester Centrum in Worcester Massachusetts and starred talent from the promotion's Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The main event and featured match of the Raw brand was the encounter of Goldberg and The Rock. The featured match on the undercard was a WWE Championship match from the SmackDown! brand between John Cena and the reigning champion Brock Lesnar. The other predominant match on the undercard was a six-man tag team match from the Raw brand between the team of Triple H Ric Flair and Chris Jericho facing Shawn Michaels Kevin Nash and Booker T. The predominant undercard match from the SmackDown! brand was the encounter of The Big Show and Rey Mysterio.
216173 Judgment Day (2003) was a PPV presented by Clearasil that took place on May 18 2003 at the Charlotte Coliseum in Charlotte North Carolina. It was the fifth annual WWE Judgment Day event and featured wrestlers from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The first match from the SmackDown! brand featured WWE Champion Brock Lesnar's title defense against The Big Show in a Stretcher match. The second match from the Raw brand was between Kevin Nash and World Heavyweight Champion Triple H. Three matches were featured on the undercard. The first match featured Women's Champion Jazz defending against Victoria Jacqueline. and Trish Stratus in a Fatal Four-Way Match for the title. The next was a Battle Royal featuring Christian Val Venis Chris Jericho Lance Storm Test Rob Van Dam Kane Goldust and Booker T for the WWE Intercontinental Championship. The final was between the team of Eddie Guerrero and Tajiri and the team of Team Angle in a ladder match for the WWE Tag Team Championship.
216174 Insurrextion (2003) took place on June 7 2003 at the Telewest Arena in Newcastle England. The Main event was a Street Fight between Triple H (with Ric Flair) and Kevin Nash (with Shawn Michaels). Scott Steiner fought Test in their ongoing feud over Stacy Keibler Goldust fought Rico RVD &amp; Kane defended the Tag Team Championships against La Resistance Jazz defended the Women's Title in a match against Trish Stratus and The Dudley Boyz challenged Rodney Mack and Christopher Nowinski.
216185 Bad Blood (2003) was a PPV presented by Maxim Hair Color which took place on June 15 2003 at the Compaq Center in Houston Texas. It starred wrestlers from the Raw brand and marked the beginning of PPVs (other than the big 4) being brand exclusive.  The main event was a Hell in a Cell match featuring World Heavyweight Champion Triple H defending against Kevin Nash. Two predominant bouts were featured on the undercard; in respective singles matches Ric Flair fought Shawn Michaels and Goldberg fought Chris Jericho.  The event marked the second time the Hell in a Cell format was used by WWE in a Bad Blood event. The 2003 Bad Blood event grossed over $500000 ticket sales from an attendance of 10000 and received about 285000 PPV buys.. This event helped WWE increase its yearly pay-per-view revenue by $6.2 million from the previous year. When the event was released on DVD it reached a peak position of second on Billboard's DVD Sales Chart.
216188 Vengeance (2003) was a PPV presented by Eidos Interactive's Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness blockbuster which took place on July 27 2003 at the Pepsi Center in Denver Colorado. It was the third annual Vengeance event and starred wrestlers from the SmackDown brand.  The main event was a No DQ Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship in which WWE Champion Brock Lesnar defended the title against Kurt Angle and The Big Show. Two featured bouts were scheduled on the undercard. In a singles match WWE Chairman Vince McMahon fought Zach Gowen and The Undertaker fought John Cena.  Vengeance had an attendance of approximately 9500 and received about 322000 pay-per-view buys. This event helped WWE increase its pay-per-view revenue by $6.2 million from the previous year.
216203 Set in the small coastal town of Bright Leaf North Carolina “Pieces of Talent” centers around Charlotte a disillusioned aspiring actress working a night job as a cocktail waitress in order to make ends meet. Charlotte catches a break when seemingly chance circumstances put her in contact with a local filmmaker David Long. David and Charlotte form a quick friendship that leads to Charlotte landing the starring role in David’s newest project. David quickly becomes obsessed with Charlotte and begins building his masterpiece. He films each encounter with the ultimate goal of filming Charlotte as his final installment. David is a happily obsessed individual willing to do whatever it takes to make “true art.” He utilizes his charm and skills to make something dark and deranged seem utterly beautiful and loving.
216205 Unforgiven (2003) was the sixth annual Unforgiven PPV. It was presented by Namco's Soulcalibur II and took place on September 21 2003 from the Giant Center in Hershey Pennsylvania.  The main event was Triple H versus Goldberg for the World Heavyweight Championship. Two of the predominant matches on the card were a Triple threat match for the WWE Intercontinental Championship between Christian Chris Jericho and Rob Van Dam and the other was a Last Man Standing match between Shane McMahon and Kane. Another primary match on the undercard was Randy Orton versus Shawn Michaels in a singles match.
216209 No Mercy (2003) was a PPV presented by Subway which took place on October 19 2003 at the 1st Mariner Arena in Baltimore Maryland. It was the sixth event under the No Mercy chronology and starred wrestlers from the SmackDown! brand.  The main event saw WWE Champion Brock Lesnar defend his title against The Undertaker in a match where a chain was hung from a pole and the first man to reach it could use it as a legal weapon in what was called a Biker Chain match. Two featured bouts were scheduled on the undercard. In a singles match for the WWE United States Championship the Big Show challenged Eddie Guerrero for the title. The other was also a singlesmatch in which Kurt Angle fought John Cena.
"216212 Armageddon (2003) was the fourth Armageddon PPV. The event presented by Square Enix's Final Fantasy X-2 took place on December 14 2003 at the TD Waterhouse Centre in Orlando Florida and was a Raw brand-exclusive event.  The main event was a Triple Threat match for the World Heavyweight Championship between Kane Triple H and champion Goldberg. One of the predominant matches on the undercard was the defense of the WWE Intercontinental Championship by Rob Van Dam against Randy Orton. Another primary match on the undercard was Batista versus Shawn Michaels.  The event grossed $450000 with 9000 ticket sales and received 200000 pay-per-view buys. The event was claimed to be a ""flop"" by Canadian Online Explorer's professional wrestling event section. They rated the overall event a six out of ten."
216282 As a new day begins in the town of Silverton its residents have little reason to believe it will be anything other than ordinary. Mother Nature however has other plans. In the span of just a few hours an unprecedented onslaught of powerful tornadoes ravages Silverton. Storm trackers predict that the worst is still to come as terrified residents seek shelter and professional storm-chasers run toward the danger hoping to study the phenomenon close up and get a once-in-a-lifetime shot.
216348 Following his win over John Cena at SummerSlam Daniel Bryan lost the WWE Championship to Randy Orton after special guest referee and COO Triple H hit Bryan with a Pedigree. Can Daniel Bryan overcome the modern day corporate Champion Randy Orton to regain the WWE Championship? Plus Alberto Del Rio defends his World Heavyweight Championship against Mr. PPV himself Rob Van Dam! Can the former WWE and ECW Champion add the World Heavyweight Championship to his impressive list of accolades? Also things go from bad to worse for Paul Heyman as he has to step into the ring with former best friend CM Punk! After his crushing defeat to Brock Lesnar at Summerslam the straight edge superstar finally gets the chance to get his hands on Heyman however he has to get past Intercontinental Champion Curtis Axel first in a two on one handicap match. All the action this year comes from the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit Michigan.
216357 Backlash (2004) was the sixth annual Backlash PPV. It was presented by Square Enix's Drakengard. It took place on April 18 2004 at the Rexall Place in Edmonton Alberta and was a Raw brand-exclusive event.  The main event was a Triple Threat match for the World Heavyweight Championship involving reigning champion Chris Benoit Triple H and Shawn Michaels which Benoit. One of the predominant matches on the card was Randy Orton versus Cactus Jack in a Hardcore match for the WWE Intercontinental Championship. Orton won the match and retained the title after pinning Cactus following an RKO. Another primary match on the undercard was Edge versus Kane which Edge won by pinfall after executing a spear.
216371 Bad Blood (2004) was a professional wrestling PPV presented by Subway which took place on June 13 2004 at the Nationwide Arena in Columbus Ohio. It was the third and final annual Bad Blood event.  The main event was a Hell in a Cell match in which Triple H challenged Shawn Michaels in a ring surrounded by a steel structure of metal. Two bouts were featured on the undercard. In respective singles matches World Heavyweight Champion Chris Benoit defended his title against Kane and WWE Intercontinental Champion Randy Orton defended his title against Shelton Benjamin.  The event marked the third time the Hell in a Cell format was used by WWE in a Bad Blood event. Bad Blood grossed over $494000 ticket sales from an attendance of 9000 .
"216375 The Great American Bash (2004) was the 15th Great American Bash professional wrestling pay-per-view event and the first produced by World Wrestling Entertainment. The event presented by Subway took place on June 27 2004 at the Norfolk Scope in Norfolk Virginia and was a SmackDown! brand-exclusive event.  The main event was a Handicap match between The Dudley Boyz and The Undertaker. One of the featured matches on the undercard was a Texas Bullrope match for the WWE Championship between John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield (JBL) and champion Eddie Guerrero. Another primary match on the undercard was Rey Mysterio versus Chavo Guerrero for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship."
216549 Kenny Wayne Shepherd's reverence for his musical roots are center-stage on Ten Days Out...Blues From The Backroads. The guitar-slinger is featured with the Double Trouble rhythm section of bassist Tommy Shannon and drummer Chris Layton performing with some of the greatest blues players of our time as well as lesser-known but historically significant bluesmen. Traveling to their hometowns to record everywhere from juke joints to front porches from New Orleans to Kansas Shepherd celebrates and becomes part of blues history with Ten Days Out...Blues From The Backroads.
216789 Filmed in one sequence-shot of 1 hour and 25 minutes Ana Arabia is a moment in the life of a small community of outcasts Jews and Arabs who live together in a forgotten enclave at the “border” between Jaffa and Bat Yam in Israel. One day Yael a young journalist visits them. In these dilapidated shacks in the orchard filled with lemon trees and surrounded by mass public houses she discovers a range of characters far removed from the usual clichés offered by the region. Yael has the feeling of having discovered a human goldmine. She no longer thinks of her job. Faces and words of Youssef and Miriam Sarah and Walid of their neighbors their friends tell her about life its dreams and its hopes its love affairs desires and disillusions. Their relation to time is different than that of the city around them. In this tinkered and fragile place there is a possibility of coexistence. A universal metaphor.
217006 In May 2007 the Royal Albert Hall in London - one of the most famous performing arts venues in the world - became home to Simply Red for six nights. These sold-out dates served to showcase their new album 'Stay' alongside well loved classics from their incredible back catalogue of hits.  'Stay - Live at the Royal Albert Hall' captures the excitement of an evening with Simply Red at one of the world's premier venues but also offers an intimate glimpse of the life backstage from one of Britain's most successful bands ever.
217044 Vengeance (2004) was the fourth annual Vengeance PPV. It was presented by AT&amp;T and took place on July 11 2004 from the Hartford Civic Center in Hartford Connecticut and featured talent from the Raw brand.  The main event was Chris Benoit versus Triple H for the World Heavyweight Championship. The predominant match on the card was Randy Orton versus Edge for the WWE Intercontinental Championship. The primary matches on the undercard included Matt Hardy versus Kane in a No Disqualification match and Batista versus Chris Jericho.
217049 Unforgiven (2004) was a PPV presented by Clearasil which took place on September 12 2004 at the Rose Garden in Portland Oregon. It was the sixth annual (seventh overall) Unforgiven event. The event starred talent from the Raw brand.  The main event was Randy Orton versus Triple H for the World Heavyweight Championship. One of the predominant matches on the card was Shawn Michaels versus Kane in a No Disqualification match. Another primary match on the undercard was Chris Jericho versus Christian in a Ladder match for the vacant WWE Intercontinental Championship.
217051 No Mercy (2004) was a PPV which took place on October 3 2004 at the Continental Airlines Arena in East Rutherford New Jersey. It was the seventh annual No Mercy event. The event starred wrestlers from the SmackDown! brand.  The main event was a Last Ride match where the objective was to place an opponent in a hearse located on the entrance stage and drive them out of the arena. WWE Champion JBL defended against The Undertaker. Two predominant bouts were featured on the undercard; in respective singles matches John Cena fought Booker T for the WWE United States Championship and Kurt Angle fought The Big Show.
217053 Taboo Tuesday (2004) was a PPV presented by AT&amp;T which took place on October 19 2004 at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was the first annual Taboo Tuesday event marking the first time in which the fans were given the chance to vote on stipulations for the matches. The voting for the event started on October 18 2004 and ended during the event. The event starred wrestlers from the Raw brand.  The main event was a Steel cage match which is fought in a cage with four sheets of mesh metal around in or against the edges of the wrestling ring in which Randy Orton competed against Ric Flair. Two bouts were featured on the undercard. In respective singles matches World Heavyweight Champion Triple H defended against challenger Shawn Michaels and Gene Snitsky fought Kane in a Weapon of Choice match.
"217062 Armageddon (2004) was the fifth annual Armageddon PPV. It was presented by PlayStation and took place on December 12 2004 at the Gwinnett Center in the Atlanta suburb of Duluth Georgia. The event featured wrestlers and other talent from WWE's SmackDown! brand.  The main event was a Fatal-Four Way match for the WWE Championship involving champion John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield (JBL) Booker T Eddie Guerrero and The Undertaker. One of the predominant matches on the undercard was The Big Show versus Kurt Angle Mark Jindrak and Luther Reigns in a Handicap match. Another primary match on the card was John Cena versus Jesśs in a Street Fight for the WWE United States Championship."
217144 Why is it that Billy Bob Thornton Dave Matthews Peter Buck Derek Trucks Phish Widespread Panic and Blues Traveler are all huge fans of Colonel Bruce Hampton but you've never heard of him? Bruce began his career with an unprecedented six figure record deal in 1970. The Hampton Grease Band's first album went on to be the worst selling album in the history of Columbia Records. He made a brave decision and continued his musical career devoting himself to creating pure art rather than attempt any commercial success. The result has been an amazing influential 50 year catalog of music and philosophy. Dubbed the father of the Jam Band music scene he is a guru to many a celeb. Why is he still a secret?
217230 Backlash (2005) was the seventh annual Backlash PPV. It took place on May 1 2005 at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester New Hampshire and was presented by Namco's Tekken 5. The event starred talent from the Raw brand.  In the main event Batista defended the World Title in a singles match against Triple H. From the five scheduled bouts on the undercard two received more promotion than the others. The first was a tag team match in which Shawn Michaels and Hulk Hogan challenged Muhammad Hassan and Daivari. The other was a Last Man Standing match between Chris Benoit and Edge.
"217237 Judgment Day (2005) was the seventh annual PPV of the same name and took place on May 22 2005 at the Target Center in Minneapolis Minnesota. It was presented by Clearasil. The event featured wrestlers and other talent that performed on the SmackDown! program.  The main event was an ""I Quit"" match featuring two wrestlers fighting until one stated ""I Quit."" WWE Champion John Cena defended the title against John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield (JBL). Two featured bouts were scheduled on the undercard. In respective standard wrestling matches Rey Mysterio fought Eddie Guerrero and Kurt Angle fought Booker T."
217246 Vengeance (2005) was a professional wrestling PPV event presented by THQ's Juiced which took place on June 26 2005 at the Thomas &amp; Mack Center in Las Vegas Nevada. It was the fifth annual Vengeance event. The event starred wrestlers from the Raw brand.  The main event was a Hell in a Cell match for the World Heavyweight Championship between Batista and Triple H. One of the predominant matches on the card was John Cena versus Chris Jericho versus Christian in a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship. Another primary match on the undercard was Kurt Angle versus Shawn Michaels in a rematch of their bout at WrestleMania 21.
"217248 The Great American Bash (2005) was a professional wrestling PPV that took place on July 24 2005 at the HSBC Arena in Buffalo New York. The event featured wrestlers and other talent that performed on the SmackDown! program.  The main event was Batista defending the World Heavyweight Championship against John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield (JBL). One of the featured matches on the undercard was Rey Mysterio versus Eddie Guerrero while the other was Orlando Jordan versus Chris Benoit for the WWE United States Championship.  The event grossed over $375000 in ticket sales from an attendance of 8000 and received about 233000 pay-per-view buys the same amount as the following year's event. The event was also available free of charge for Armed Forces members and their families."
"217255 SummerSlam (2005) was the eighteenth annual SummerSlam professional wrestling PPV event. It was presented by THQ's WWE Day of Reckoning 2 and took place on August 21 2005 at the MCI Center in Washington D.C. featured talent from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The main match on the Raw brand was Hulk Hogan versus Shawn Michaels. The predominant match on the SmackDown brand was a No Holds Barred match for the World Heavyweight Championship between Batista and John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield (JBL). Another primary match on the Raw brand was for the WWE Championship between John Cena and Chris Jericho. The main match on the undercard featured a Ladder match for the custody of Dominick between Rey Mysterio and Eddie Guerrero."
217270 Unforgiven (2005) was the seventh annual Unforgiven PPV and took place on September 18 2005 at the Ford Center in Oklahoma City Oklahoma. The event featured wrestlers and other talent that performed on the Raw program. To date it is the only WWE pay-per-view event ever to be held in the state of Oklahoma.  The main event was a standard wrestling match in which Kurt Angle challenged WWE Champion John Cena. Two featured bouts on the undercard was another standard match in which Shawn Michaels fought Chris Masters and a steel cage match where the ring is enclosed by a steel cage in which Matt Hardy fought Edge.  Unforgiven grossed over $485000 in ticket sales from an attendance of approximately 8000 and received about 243000 pay-per-view buys.
"217271 No Mercy (2005) was the eighth annual No Mercy professional wrestling PPV and was presented by Sony's PlayStation 2. It took place on October 9 2005 at the Toyota Center in Houston Texas and featured wrestlers and other talent from WWE's SmackDown! brand.  The main event was a standard wrestling match in which World Heavyweight Champion Batista defended against challenger Eddie Guerrero. One of the featured preliminary matches was a Casket match between The Ortons (Randy and ""Cowboy"" Bob) and The Undertaker. Another primary preliminary match was a standard match between John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield (JBL) and Rey Mysterio."
217274 Taboo Tuesday (2005) was a professional wrestling PPV event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) which took place on November 1 2005 at the iPayOne Center in San Diego California. It was the second annual Taboo Tuesday event in which the fans were given the chance to vote on stipulations for the matches. The voting for the event started on October 24 2005 and ended during the event. The event starred wrestlers from the Raw brand.  The main event was a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship featuring Kurt Angle John Cena and Shawn Michaels. Two bouts were featured on the undercard. The first was a Steel Cage match for the WWE Intercontinental Championship where Ric Flair fought Triple H. The other featured an Interpromotional tag team match where Rey Mysterio and Matt Hardy (SmackDown!) defeated Chris Masters and Snitsky (Raw).
"217293 Armageddon (2005) was the sixth Armageddon PPV. It was presented by Microsoft's XBox 360 and took place on December 18 2005 at the Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence Rhode Island and was a SmackDown! brand-exclusive event.  The main event was a Hell in a Cell match between Randy Orton and The Undertaker. One of the predominant matches on the card was an Interpromotional tag team match between WWE Tag Team Champions Batista and Rey Mysterio and World Tag Team Champions Big Show and Kane. Another primary match on the undercard was Booker T versus Chris Benoit in the fourth match of their ""Best of 7"" series for the vacant WWE United States Championship."
217312 New Year's Revolution (2006) was the second annual New Year's Revolution PPV. It was presented by Specialty Board Games' WWE DVD Board Game and took place on January 8 2006 at the Pepsi Arena in Albany New York and starred talent from the Raw brand.  The main event was an Elimination Chamber match for the WWE Championship involving champion John Cena Kurt Angle Shawn Michaels Kane Carlito and Chris Masters. One of the predominant matches on the card was Triple H versus The Big Show. Another primary match on the undercard was Ric Flair versus Edge for the WWE Intercontinental Championship.
"217423 Backlash (2006) was a PPV which took place on April 30 2006 at the Rupp Arena in Lexington Kentucky. It was presented by Topps. It was the eighth event under the Backlash name and featured wrestlers and other talent that performed on the Raw brand.  The first main event was a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship which saw John Cena defend against challengers Triple H and Edge. The second main event was Shawn Michaels and ""God"" versus Vince and Shane McMahon in a No Holds Barred match. The third main event was a ""Title versus Briefcase match"" between Rob Van Dam (the Money in the Bank holder) and Shelton Benjamin (the Intercontinental Champion)."
"217426 Judgment Day (2006) was the eighth annual Judgment Day PPV. It was presented by Vyotech Nutritionals and took place on May 21 2006 at the US Airways Center in Phoenix Arizona and featured talent from the SmackDown! brand.  The main event was Rey Mysterio versus John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield for the World Heavyweight Championship. One of the predominant matches on the card was Booker T versus Bobby Lashley in the finals of the 2006 King of the Ring tournament. Another primary match on the undercard was Kurt Angle versus Mark Henry."
217456 SummerSlam (2006) was the nineteenth annual SummerSlam PPV. It took place on August 20 2006 at the TD Banknorth Garden in Boston Massachusetts and featured performers from the Raw SmackDown! and ECW brands. This marked the first inter-brand pay-per-view to feature the ECW brand.  The main match on the Raw brand was Edge versus John Cena for the WWE Championship. The featured match on the SmackDown! brand was King Booker versus Batista for the World Heavyweight Championship. The primary match on the ECW brand was The Big Show versus Sabu in an Extreme rules match for the ECW World Championship. The featured matches on the undercard included D-Generation X (Triple H and Shawn Michaels) versus Vince and Shane McMahon) and Hulk Hogan versus Randy Orton.
217517 New Year's Revolution (2007) was the third annual and final New Year's Revolution PPV. It took place on January 7 2007 at Kemper Arena in Kansas City Missouri and featured wrestlers and other talent from WWE's Raw brand.  The main event was a singles match in which WWE Champion John Cena defended against challenger Umaga. Two predominant bouts were featured on the undercard. The first was a Tag team match in which World Tag Team Champions Rated-RKO (Edge and Randy Orton) fought D-Generation X (Triple H and Shawn Michaels). Another main match was a steel cage match with WWE Intercontinental Champion Jeff Hardy defending against Johnny Nitro.
"217566 Between 1993 (with the release of Dr. Dre's The Chronic) and 1996 (when 2Pac dropped both All Eyez on Me and The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory) Death Row Records was the most successful label in hip hop releasing a string of major hits featuring a distinctively laid-back but funky sound that took gangsta rap to the top of the charts. Death Row Uncut collects videos of 28 tunes that Death Row released during their heyday including ""Dre Day"" and ""Let Me Ride"" by Dr. Dre and Snoop Doggy Dogg ""Gin and Juice"" ""Who Am I (What's My Name)"" and ""Murder Was the Case"" by Snoop Doggy Dogg ""Natural Born Killers"" by Dr. Dre and Ice Cube and ""To Live and Die in L.A."" ""Hit 'Em Up"" and ""Dear Mama"" by 2Pac. Death Row Uncut features unreleased live performance clips and uncensored versions of some videos that were softened for broadcast; it also includes an interview with label CEO Suge Knight who has few kind things to say about his former co-workers."
217613 No Way Out (2007) was the ninth annual No Way Out PPV event. It took place on February 18 2007 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles California and was the final branded pay-per-view before the brand split ended.  The main event was an interpromotional tag team match between Batista and The Undertaker (from SmackDown!) and John Cena and Shawn Michaels (from Raw). The main match on the undercard was an interpromotional Six-man tag team match between the team of Chris Benoit and The Hardys (Matt and Jeff) and the team of MNM (Joey Mercury and Johnny Nitro) and Montel Vontavious Porter.
217620 Judgment Day (2007) was the ninth annual Judgment Day PPV. It took place on May 20 2007 from the Scottrade Center in St. Louis Missouri. This was the first Judgment Day event since 2003 to be an inter-brand pay-per-view as it featured talent from the Raw SmackDown! and ECW brands.  The main match on the Raw brand was John Cena versus The Great Khali for the WWE Championship. The featured match on the SmackDown! brand was Edge versus Batista for the World Heavyweight Championship. The primary match on the ECW brand was a Handicap match for the ECW World Championship between Team McMahon (champion Vince McMahon Shane McMahon and Umaga) and Bobby Lashley.
"217626 Vengeance: Night of Champions was the seventh annual PPV within its Vengeance/Night of Champions chronology. It featured talent from the Raw SmackDown and ECW brands. The event was presented by RAW Attitude Energy Drink and took place on June 24 2007 at the Toyota Center in Houston Texas.  This event was notable for being on the weekend of the Chris Benoit double murder and suicide case. Benoit who was originally booked to face CM Punk for the vacant ECW World Championship legitimately no-showed.  The main event featured the Raw brand. It saw John Cena defend the WWE Championship against Mick Foley Bobby Lashley Randy Orton and King Booker. The featured match from the SmackDown brand was a ""Last Chance match"" for the World Heavyweight Championship between Edge and Batista. The primary match from the ECW brand was CM Punk versus Johnny Nitro for the vacant ECW World Championship."
217628 The Great American Bash (2007) was the fourth annual Great American Bash PPV. It was presented by Ziddio and took place on July 22 2007 from the HP Pavilion in San Jose California and featured talent from the Raw SmackDown! and ECW brands.  The main match on the Raw brand was John Cena versus Bobby Lashley for the WWE Championship. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was a Triple Threat match for the World Heavyweight Championship between The Great Khali Batista and Kane. The primary match on the ECW brand was John Morrison versus CM Punk for the ECW Championship. The featured matches on the undercard included Montel Vontavious Porter versus Matt Hardy for the WWE United States Championship and Randy Orton versus Dusty Rhodes in a Texas Bullrope match.
"217642 After doing a re-make of John Cassevetes’ ""Faces"" [1968] I decided to re-make another American classic Dennis Hopper’s ""Easy Rider"" [1969]. ""Easy Rider"" interests me in two ways: its portrayal of 60’s counterculture – unlike ""Faces"" which for me is more about the 50’s – and its search for place. I divided the original film into scenes (like I did with ""Faces"") and then replaced each scene with one shot filmed at the original location (unlike ""Faces"" where shots were gleaned from the original film itself). My ""Easy Rider"" tries to find today’s counter-culture (if one exists) by replacing the 60’s music with music that I listen to today.' ~ James Benning"
217643 No Mercy (2007) was a PPV presented by AT&amp;T which took place on October 7 2007 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont Illinois. It was the 10th annual No Mercy event and starred wrestlers from the Raw SmackDown! and ECW brands.  The first main event featured wrestlers from the Raw brand in a Last Man Standing match between WWE Champion Triple H and Randy Orton. The other main event featured wrestlers from the SmackDown! brand in which defending World Heavyweight Champion Batista defended against challenger The Great Khali in a Punjabi Prison match. Two featured bouts were scheduled on the undercard. In a singles match WWE Champion Triple H defended his title against Umaga. The other was a singles match between Finlay and Rey Mysterio.
"217680 Backlash (2008) was the tenth annual Backlash PPV. It took place on April 27 2008 at the 1st Mariner Arena in Baltimore Maryland. The event starred wrestlers from the Raw SmackDown and ECW brands.  The main event was a Fatal Four-Way Elimination for the WWE Championship match featuring WWE Champion Randy Orton Triple H John Cena and John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield. The other main event featured wrestlers from the SmackDown brand in which World Heavyweight Champion The Undertaker defended against challenger Edge in a singles match. The main event from the ECW brand was a singles match where ECW Champion Kane defended against challenger Chavo Guerrero. In addition a featured bout was scheduled on the undercard in which Shawn Michaels fought Batista.  Backlash (2008) had an attendance of approximately 11277 and received 200000 buys."
"217686 MIRACLE RISING: SOUTH AFRICA is the epic legacy of South Africa's political transformation that culminated in the first free and fair elections in April 1994. Recounted through the personal accounts of key figures both local and international the documentary examines how South Africa avoided a civil war and moved towards as Archbishop Desmond Tutu coined the phrase ""a rainbow nation."" From the evil legacy of apartheid to the triumphant first democratic elections Miracle Rising: South Africa moves beyond mere chronology and delves into the hearts and minds of the leaders and people of South Africa culminating in the thrilling behind-the-scenes events of the elections that resulted in the joyful inauguration of President Nelson Mandela. Told through simple intimate portraits of key players it weaves a grand story of a nation into an intimate history of men and women determined to change the country for the best of all who live there."
217921 A follow up to award winning documentary 'Herb & Dorothy' the film captures the ordinary couple's extraordinary gift of art to the nation as they close the door on their life as collectors. When Herb and Dorothy Vogel a retired postal clerk and librarian began collecting works of contemporary art in the 1960s they never imagined it would outgrow their one bedroom Manhattan apartment and spread throughout America. 50 years later the collection is nearly 5000 pieces and worth millions. Refusing to sell the couple launches an unprecedented gift project giving artworks to one museum in all 50 states. The film journeys around the country with the Vogels meeting artists who are famous or unknown often controversial striking today's society with questions about art and its survival.
218229 Filmed live during Morrissey’s most intimate gig in decades at the Hollywood High School in Los Angeles on 2 March 2013 this is the first authorised Morrissey film for nine years and marks 25 years of the solo career of one of the world’s most iconic and enigmatic performers.  The film opens with fans talking about their unwavering devotion to the singer and the unique appeal of this unusual venue – a striking contrast to the sold out arena concert at the Staples Center on the previous night. Tickets to the concert in the 1800-seater school auditorium were sold out in 12 seconds and this now legendary concert became Morrissey’s penultimate performance on the US Tour.  Featuring many classic tracks from the artist’s prolific repertoire including Meat Is Murder Everyday Is Like Sunday Please Please Please Let Me Get What I Want and The Boy With The Thorn In His Side Morrissey 25: Live is an unmissable cinema event for fans worldwide.
"218360 The UFC lightweight championship will be on the line at UFC 164 in Milwaukee on August 31 when ""Smooth"" Benson Henderson defends the belt for the fourth time in what promises to be an epic rematch against hometown hero Anthony Pettis the last man to defeat him. Plus the heavyweight dream fight fans have been waiting years for becomes a reality when Frank Mir battles the returning Josh ""The Warmaster"" Barnett. UFC 164: Henderson vs Pettis ? Saturday August 31 live on Pay-Per-View from the Bradley Center in Milwaukee Wisconsin."
218375 P.J`s in a pickle his parents are missing he is a spectacular failure at running their bakery 'Cup Cake' and he is up to his neck in debt with the local loan-Sharks. To add to his misery he has been duped into marriage by their impossibly tanned and serially jilted sister Kitty. Enter Gala a mysterious beautiful artist with a few tricks of her own. P.J.  a robot-obsessed dreamer and his hapless friends aided by the ever resourceful Gala set about cooking up the revival of 'Cup Cake's' fortunes and spicing up P.J`s love life along the way.
218553 JJ is an aspiring MC exploding onto London's exciting outlaw urban music scene. He's got the skills he's got the rhymes and he's got the drive. But there's a problem — not only is JJ a white boy from the sticks — he's also gay. And gay — in the world of hip-hop and ragga — ain't good.  So when JJ resolves to come onstage at the Urban Slam Finals taking his boyfriend Orlando with him he knows it's going to get a bit grimy... but when the couple falls foul of the Infamous ghetto-rap crew the Ilford Illmanics and Orlando is beaten into a state of permanent brain-damage all of their lives are changed forever in a way no one could have ever foreseen.
218730 We are now living in strange times where starvation still exists and an unbalanced world is our reality. While time moves on and the years pass by we allow ourselves to become more subjected to psychological and developmental damage brought on by a system of control rules response-abilities and consequences. How long has this damage been happening and how has it effected the natural course of human evolution and progress as a species? Is there truly a master plan in effect to restrict our potential and keep us from evolving into what we are truly meant to be as a people? It is important that the world is connected in oneness but is this simply an idea or part of the plan to bring in a one world government system?
218931 The story begins at the height of Gleason's career. He has it all: women wealth and extraordinary power. But he is haunted by memories of his childhood. Gleason spends his formative years entering amateur contests performing in sleazy night spots. Along the way he steals gags from the best comics in town and finds love with Genevieve a dancer whom he marries. But Gleason isn't the ideal husband or even a responsible father as he abandons his family to answer the call of Hollywood. Brash arrogant and egotistical he alienates his directors and the man who discovers him. When he ends up back in New York Gleason gets one of those rare second chances in the new medium of television creating some of its most unforgettable characters. But even as Gleason becomes the talk of the tube his life - ruled by demons of rage booze and insecurity - unravels.
218954 Armageddon (2008) was a PPV presented by Ubisoft's Prince of Persia. It took place on December 14 2008 at the HSBC Arena in Buffalo New York. It featured professional wrestlers and other talent from all WWE's three brands: Raw SmackDown and ECW. It was the ninth and final event within the Armageddon chronology.  During the SmackDown main event WWE Champion Edge defended the title against Triple H and Jeff Hardy in a Triple Threat match. The Raw main event featured the World Heavyweight Championship contested in a singles match between champion John Cena and Chris Jericho. The undercard featured several matches including CM Punk against Rey Mysterio in the finals of a tournament to determine the number-one contender to the WWE Intercontinental Championship and Randy Orton versus Batista in a standard wrestling match.
"219078 No Way Out (2009) was a PPV presented by AT&amp;T. It took place on February 15 2009 at the KeyArena in Seattle Washington. It was the 11th event under the No Way Out name and featured talent from the Raw SmackDown and ECW brands.  The main event on the Raw brand was an Elimination Chamber match for the World Heavyweight Championship between John Cena(c) Rey Mysterio Chris Jericho Edge Mike Knox and Kane. The predominant match on the SmackDown brand was an Elimination Chamber match for the WWE Championship featuring Edge(c) The Undertaker Triple H The Big SHow Jeff Hardy and Vladimir Kozlov. The primary match on the ECW brand was for the ECW Championship between Jack Swagger and Finlay. The undercard also featured two more matches from the Raw brand. The first was a No Holds Barred match between Randy Orton and Shane McMahon and the other saw Shawn Michaels versus John ""Bradshaw"" Layfield."
"219094 Backlash (2009) was a PPV that took place on April 26 2009 at the Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence Rhode Island. The 11th and final event under the Backlash banner it featured talent from all three WWE brands: Raw SmackDown and ECW. The event's card featured seven matches.  The main event consisted of a Last Man Standing match for the World Heavyweight Championship in which Edge competed against John Cena. The other main match scheduled on the event's card was a Six-Man Tag Team match for the WWE Championship between Triple H (champion) Batista and Shane McMahon and The Legacy (Randy Orton Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase). Other matches included an ""I Quit"" match between Jeff and Matt Hardy and three singles matches: Christian versus Jack Swagger for the ECW Championship followed by CM Punk versus Kane and Chris Jericho versus Ricky Steamboat."
219097 Judgment Day (2009) a PPV presented by Columbia Picture's Terminator Salvation took place on May 17 2009 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont Illinois. It was the eleventh and final show under the Judgment Day name and the tenth show held annually; it featured talent from the Raw SmackDown and ECW brands.  The main event for the show saw Edge defend the World Heavyweight Championship against Jeff Hardy. Two other highly-publicized matches also occurred. The first pitted WWE Champion Randy Orton against Batista while the other match was between Big Show and John Cena.  The undercard for the show had four other singles matches: CM Punk versus Umaga ECW Champion Christian defending the championship against Jack Swagger John Morrison versus Shelton Benjamin and Rey Mysterio defending the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Chris Jericho.
219099 Extreme Rules (2009) was a PPV which took place on June 7 2009 at the New Orleans Arena in New Orleans Louisiana and was presented by AT&amp;T. It was the first event promoted under the Extreme Rules name and initially noted by WWE to be a direct continuation of the One Night Stand chronology. It featured talent from the Raw SmackDown and ECW brands.  The main event was a Ladder match for the World Heavyweight Championship which saw Jeff Hardy challenge reigning champion Edge. There were also two other highly-publicized matches; the first was a steel cage match for the WWE Championship between the champion Randy Orton and Batista as well as a submission match between The Big Show and John Cena. Featured matches on the undercard included a No Holds Barred match between Rey Mysterio and Chris Jericho for the WWE Intercontinental Championship CM Punk versus Umaga in a Samoan Strap match and a Triple Threat Hardcore match for the ECW Championship.
219103 The Bash was a PPV presented by Gillette's Fusion Power which took place on June 28 2009 at the ARCO Arena in Sacramento California. This was the sixth show in WWE's production lineage for The Great American Bash event (twentieth overall) and the only one to be referred to as The Bash.  Two title defenses included a 3 Stages of Hell match for the WWE Championship featuring Triple H and Randy Orton and the World Heavyweight Champion CM Punk defending against Jeff Hardy. John Cena fought The Miz in their first official matchup ECW Champion Tommy Dreamer defended his title against Christian Jack Swagger Finlay and Mark Henry in a Championship Scramble match Chris Jericho wagered the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Rey Mysterio's mask Dolph Ziggler versus The Great Khali in a No Disqualification match The Colóns defended the WWE Tag Team Championship against The Legacy and Edge and Chris Jericho and Michelle McCool challenged Melina for the WWE Women's Championship.
219108 Night of Champions (2009) was a PPV which took place on July 26 2009 at the Wachovia Center in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was the second annual event to be promoted solely under the Night of Champions name and the ninth annual event under the Vengeance/Night of Champions chronology.  The main event matches featured were: Jeff Hardy versus CM Punk for the World Heavyweight Championship Randy Orton defending the WWE Championship against Triple H and John Cena Mickie James versus the WWE Divas Champ Maryse and Dolph Ziggler challenging WWE Intercontinental Champion Rey Mysterio. The undercard featured Chris Jericho and The Big Show defending the WWE Tag Team Championship against The Legacy Christian versus Tommy Dreamer for the ECW Championship Kofi Kingston defending the WWE United States Championship in a Six-Pack Challenge against Montel Vontavious Porter The Miz Carlito Primo and Jack Swagger and Michelle McCool defending the WWE Women's Championship against Melina.
"219141 Breaking Point was a PPV presented by Eidos Interactive's Batman: Arkham Asylum. It took place on September 13 2009 at the Bell Centre in Montreal Quebec Canada. The name of the event was voted by fans and was chosen over Submission Sunday Total Submission and Submit &amp; Quit.  Each main event match was to be contested under submission rules. The main events included CM Punk defending against The Undertaker in a submission match for the World Heavyweight Championship John Cena challenging Randy Orton in an ""I Quit"" match for the WWE Championship and The Legacy versus D-Generation X in a Submissions Count Anywhere match.  Other matches featured on the show were Unified WWE Tag Team Champions Chris Jericho and The Big Show versus Montel Vontavious Porter and Mark Henry Kofi Kingston defending the WWE United States Championship against The Miz Kane facing The Great Khali in a Singapore Cane match and Christian versus William Regal for the ECW Championship."
219146 Hell in a Cell (2009) was a PPV presented by Ubisoft's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Smash-Up which took place on October 4 2009 at the Prudential Center in Newark New Jersey. It was the first Hell in a Cell event.  Each of the main event matches were contested in a Hell in a Cell match. The main events of the evening included D-Generation X's Triple H and Shawn Michaels versus The Legacy's Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase Randy Orton challenging John Cena for the WWE Championship and The Undertaker challenging CM Punk for the World Heavyweight Championship.  Other matches featured on the show were John Morrison defending the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Dolph Ziggler Mickie James versus Alicia Fox for the WWE Divas Championship Unified WWE Tag Team Champions Chris Jericho and The Big Show versus Batista and Rey Mysterio Drew McIntyre facing R-Truth and a Triple Threat match for the WWE United States Championship among Kofi Kingston The Miz and Jack Swagger.
219151 Bragging Rights (2009) was a PPV presented by THQ's WWE Smackdown vs Raw 2010. It took place on October 25 2009 at the Mellon Arena in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It was the first Bragging Rights event.  A Bragging Rights trophy was awarded to the show that won the most matches. Matches included Raw's US Champion The Miz versus SmackDown's IC Champion John Morrison SmackDown's team of Michelle Beth and Natalya versus Raw's team of Melina Kelly and Gail and Raw's team of Triple H Shawn Michaels Big Show Cody Rhodes Jack Swagger Kofi Kingston and Mark Henry versus SmackDown's team of Jericho Kane R-Truth Matt Hardy Finlay Tyson Kidd and David Hart Smith.  The show also contained three world championship matches including the main event where Randy Orton defended against John Cena in an Anything Goes Iron Man match for the WWE Championship and The Undertaker defended against CM Punk Rey Mysterio and Batista in a Fatal Four-Way match for the World Heavyweight Championship.
219157 Survivor Series (2009) was a PPV which took place on November 22 2009 at the Verizon Center in Washington D.C.. It was the 23rd annual Survivor Series event.  There were two matches that were deemed the main events of the program. The first was the triple threat match featuring The Undertaker defending the World Heavyweight Championship against the Unified WWE Tag Team Champions Chris Jericho and The Big Show. This was also followed by the another triple threat main event match with John Cena defending the WWE Championship against Triple H and Shawn Michaels. Four matches comprised the undercard of the event. The first was the team of WWE US Champion The Miz Sheamus Drew McIntyre Jack Swagger and Dolph Ziggler versus WWE IC Champion John Morrison Matt Hardy Shelton Benjamin Finlay and Evan Bourne. This was later followed by Kofi Kingston leading the team of Christian MVP Mark Henry and R-Truth versus Randy Orton CM Punk William Regal Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase.
219205 Extreme Rules (2010) was a PPV presented by KFC which took place on April 25 2010 at the 1st Mariner Arena in Baltimore Maryland. It was the second event promoted under the Extreme Rules name. There were eight matches scheduled on the event's card all of which featured an 'extreme' stipulation with no regular singles matches on the card.  The main event was a Last Man Standing match between WWE Champion John Cena and Batista. The World Heavyweight Championship was defended by Jack Swagger against Randy Orton in an Extreme Rules match. Edge fought Jericho in a Steel Cage Sheamus challenged Triple H to a street fight CM Punk fought Rey Mysterio in a Hair Match and a Gauntlet match took place for a shot at a Tag Team Title match.
219230 The Inhumans have always been one of Marvel’s most enduring oddities. A race of genetic freaks they live secluded in their island kingdom of Attilan preferring not to mix with the outside world. Even stranger their genetic mutations are self-endowed; each Inhuman as a coming-of-age ritual endures exposure to the Terrigan Mists a strange substance that imparts unearthly powers some extraordinary some monstrous. But now the kingdom of Attilan is under attack from without and within. Can the Royal Family led by Black Bolt (who cannot speak for his voice carries the destructive power of an atom bomb) repel the foreign invaders who blast at their outer defense as well as the internal threat of Black Bolt's brother Maximus the Mad?
219407 Hell in a Cell (2013) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE and sponsored by WWE 2K14. It took place on October 27 2013 at the American Airlines Arena in Miami Florida. It was the fifth annual Hell in a Cell event. The main feud heading into Hell in a Cell was between Daniel Bryan and Randy Orton over the vacant WWE Championship. A second main event featured John Cena returning from injury much earlier than anticipated to face Alberto Del Rio for his World Heavyweight Championship. The third primary feud pits CM Punk against Paul Heyman and his wrestler clients with CM Punk winning a match and forcing Paul Heyman to join Ryback in a handicap Hell in a Cell match against Punk.
"219444 Says Sister Angela the woman of the wind: ""I’m not just having sex Father. Yes there is lust. I'm not a hypocrite. But my main discourse is the purpose of this body. To be very blunt Father we only live once. I want to understand and feel the use of my breasts my vagina my mouth and all parts of my body. In my view I can only move to the next level on the so-called spirituality once I've addressed the issues of my physical being. In my view there is a need to destroy that physical being our animalistic nature before we can achieve true spirituality. Let’s crush the animal in the man Father. That’s fundamental to me."""
"219694 Dick Brave is the alter ego of Sasha a german Pop/Rock singer who wanted to change his style and now is part of the neo-rockabilly group Dick Brave &amp; the Backbeats. The project started as a joke but they had such a great success that their first album ""Dick This!"" raised to the top ten of the German charts. In 2006 Sasha started a comeback with less success and today he is back in the constellation Dick Brave &amp; the Backbeats."
219874 A 31-year quest for the Dallas Mavericks and their fans ended on a Sunday night in June in Miami as the team hoisted the Larry O Brien NBA Championship Trophy defeating a Miami Heat team many thought were too talented to lose. Led by 2011 NBA Finals MVP Dirk Nowitzki the Mavericks overcame the Heat to win the first title in franchise history. Relive every moment in this historic series from an epic 15-point comeback on the road in Game 2 to the Jason Terry two huge three-pointers down the stretch of Game 5 to an emotional Nowitzki mad dash to the locker room after the buzzer sounded in Game 6 confirming the Mavericks Championship. Now you can relive this historic series with this definitive Collectors Set of 6 DVD. Own each game in its entirety with over 10 hours of content including exclusive bonus features!
220040 A bout between Raphael Assunēćo and T.J. Dillashaw was briefly linked to this event. However the pairing was delayed and will take place at a later event this year due to a minor medical issue for Assunēćo.  Godofredo Pepey was expected to face Sam Sicilia at the event. However Pepey pulled out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by Felipe Arantes. Then on August 7 Sicilia also pulled out and was replaced by promotional newcomer Kevin Souza the former Jungle Fight featherweight champion.  Kenny Robertson was expected to face Joćo Zeferino at this event. However Robertson pulled out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by UFC promotional newcomer Elias Silvério the former Jungle Fight welterweight champion.
220088 Ceferino Carrión left Spain as a stowaway on a freighter. When he arrived in Los Angeles was called Jean Leon a man who constantly transformed himself. Who was it? Was a taxi driver or waiter was trusted by Frank Sinatra? Owner of the Legendary restaurant La Scala in Beverly Hills or who gave dinner Marilyn Monroe on her last day? His life was itself the world of fiction and here we have Paul Newman's Dennis Hopper Angie Dickinson Robert Wagner among others ..
220453 The Cherokee Word for Water is a feature-length motion picture that tells the story of the work that led Wilma Mankiller to become the first modern female Chief of the Cherokee Nation.  Set in the early 1980s The Cherokee Word for Water begins in the homes of a small town in rural Oklahoma where many houses lack running water and others are little more than shacks. The movie is told from the perspective of Wilma Mankiller and full-blood Cherokee organizer Charlie Soap who join forces to battle opposition and build a 16-mile waterline system using a community of volunteers. In the process they inspire the townspeople to trust each other to trust their way of thinking and to spark a reawakening of the universal indigenous values of reciprocity and interconnectedness. This project also inspired a self-help movement in Indian Country that continues to this day.  The movie is dedicated to Wilma Mankiller’s vision compassion and incredible grace.
220639 In early 2011 Rich Teachout quit his lucrative job to focus on creating a one-of-a-kind haunted attraction. He and his partner Janel dedicated every moment ounce of energy and dollar to making their “Scream Park” a reality. “Monsters Wanted” is the story of their self-proclaimed madness and the industry culture and people who share it.  We followed Rich and Janel’s efforts from the first day of building beyond the last day of the season. The result is a one-of-a-kind peek into an industry known for its macabre antics and well guarded secrets.
"220674 When Captain Fred Roberts discovered a printing press in the ruins of Ypres Belgium in 1916 he decided to publish a satirical magazine called The Wipers Times - ""Wipers"" being army slang for Ypres. Full of gallows humour The Wipers Times was poignant subversive and very funny. Produced literally under enemy fire and defying both authority and gas attacks the magazine proved a huge success with the troops on the western front. It was above all a tribute to the resilience of the human spirit in the face of overwhelming adversity. In his spare time Roberts also managed to win the Military Cross for gallantry."
220945 Lithuania―circa 1941: An embittered elderly Shomer a religious watchman responsible for guarding the souls of the dead before their burial comes face-to-face with his long lost first love Leah when her dead body is wheeled into the morgue one fateful night. Time melts as he relives their days and nights spent hiding in a barn in Lithuania fighting for survival as World War Two rages around them. Brought together in these extreme circumstances what starts as mistrust develops into love marriage and ultimately murder. In the end the Shomer is able to find peace after a lifetime of regret by fulfilling a promise he made to the young Leah on their last night together. ~ Naomi Jaye. THE PIN is the first Yiddish film to be made in Canada and was partly inspired by the writer/director’s late grandmother Leah whose personal phobia formed the core of this moving story.
"221058 With almost 40 years of history and hits behind them Steve Miller Band has churned out some of the greatest and most memorable anthems of their generation. Songs like ""Fly Like An Eagle"" ""Rockin' Me"" and ""Take The Money And Run"" still sound fresh today and continue to turn young fans on to the magic of the band's sound. One look at the audience that attended the band's two sold-out nights at Chicago's famed Ravinia and it becomes clear that this is a group that continues to develop an ardent fan base while drawing long-time fans eager to hear their favorites time and time again. Steve Miller Band is as vital today as ever. This three disc set (2 DVD/1 CD) is the ultimate addition to any Steve Miller Band fan's - or fan of great music in general's - DVD collection."
221172 A group of soldiers led by then-Colonel Cenon Payawan (Cris Villanueva) attacks an NPA camp deep in the wilderness. Among those killed is a rebel woman carrying a child in a sling. Payawan adopts the child and eighteen years later the now-retired general and his wife are dealing with her rebellion. Then her biological father Ka Ruben (an admirably committed Arnold Reyes) suddenly shows up at their doorstep claiming that he has cancer and that his dying wish is to get to know his daughter.
221418 For three weeks in September 2008 one person was charged with preventing the collapse of the global economy. No one understood the financial markets better than Hank Paulson the former CEO of Goldman Sachs. In Hank: Five Years from the Brink Paulson tells the complete story of how he persuaded banks Congress and presidential candidates to sign off on nearly $1 trillion in bailouts - even as he found the behavior that led to the crisis and the bailouts themselves morally reprehensible. Directed by Academy Award nominee Joe Berlinger (Paradise Lost Trilogy Some Kind of Monster) the film features Paulson and his wife of 40 years Wendy. it's a riveting portrait of leadership under unimaginable pressure - and a marriage under unfathomable circumstances.
221791 Jennifer Shannon can always find a diamond in the rough when it comes to garage sales that is. Whether it's a new antique to sell at her consignment shop an Atari game for her son or a piece of furniture for her handy husband Jason to refurbish she has made a career out of her treasure hunting prowess. When a string of burglaries hits her town Jennifer's keen eye for detail and her natural problem solving instincts even help her see the connection between these burglaries and local garage sales! Jennifer works with Detective Adam Iverson to investigate her theory that the perpetrators of the burglaries are fellow garage sale regulars. The case escalates to dangerous levels when Jennifer discovers the dead body of her friend. Even though the deceased's husband Ben Douglas finds nothing missing in their house and the police label the death as accidental Jennifer suspects that the death may be related to the burglaries.
221800 Nearly 100 years after its creation the power of the U.S. Federal Reserve has never been greater. Markets and governments around the world hold their breath in anticipation of the Fed Chairman's every word. Yet the average person knows very little about the most powerful - and least understood - financial institution on earth. Narrated by Liev Schreiber Money For Nothing is the first film to take viewers inside the Fed and reveal the impact of Fed policies - past present and future - on our lives. Join current and former Fed officials as they debate the critics and each other about the decisions that helped lead the global financial system to the brink of collapse in 2008. And why we might be headed there again.
221840 A village a scenario seemingly inert Santa Barbara Catalonia region. The suspicious silence of the streets early in the morning keeps us alert. Something unexpected can emerge from a corner when suddenly appear the voice of heaven of the proclamation which introduces us to his entrails municipal. OyezOyezOyez! is one typified and picturesque portrait of a people that could be anything a paper on the intangible heritage of this place defined by splashes of the daily life of its members.This stage gradually comes to life through her characters and of the routes of these linked spaces. Unveiling his usual ritual meaning and so the effect that the essence of this place causes in them one can get to understand the meaning of its essence.
221889 Rosy-Fingered Dawn is a film on Terrence Malick. It is about the making of BADLANDS DAYS OF HEAVEN THE THIN RED LINE and the personal involvement of some of the most representative figures of the American culture itself. This medley of voices has given origin to a journey throughout the whole United States from California to Colorado from Virginia to Minnesota passing by New York and Los Angeles. Every stop represents an ideal set in which all the characters of the films come to life once again giving place to a growing flow of memories. The narrative dimension of Malick's cinema resounds and opens a new horizon on the visible contradictions of the American culture; no easy judgement but a critical consciousness is what emerges from this coral speech together with a definite need: the necessity of art. A need that Terrence Malick was able to satisfy.
221900 Makers Our Story is a feature length documentary about the UK independent film industry directed and produced by independent filmmakers. It is an inspirational documentary featuring an array of talent from the UK filmmaking community with interviews from award-winning filmmakers and film industry experts. The documentary gives a rare insight into the work of the indie filmmakers who exist outside of the Hollywood studios and shows the passion and commitment of a generation of filmmakers who share their experiences working in a challenging industry.
221914 WWE Superstars clash year-round with championships glory and personal pride on the line. But only 25 rivalries can be considered the greatest in sports entertainment history. Now for the first time ever WWE counts down the most intense rivalries of all time. With each segment narrated by a different WWE or mainstream personality each rivalry takes on a life of its own as WWE fans get an inside never-before-seen perspective on their favorite showdowns. From the grudges born from equal pursuit of a common goal to those where the animosity crosses personal boundaries all the timeless conflicts in the history of WWE WCW NWA ECW and more are presented. Featuring Cena vs. Edge Stone Cold vs. Mr. McMahon Ric Flair vs. Ricky Steamboat and many more this controversial countdown is sure to be dissected and debated by fans of all eras. Plus special features include over 5 hours of bonus matches highlighting the rivalries presented in the countdown.
221946 After winning the WWE Title at SummerSlam and again at Night of Champions Daniel Bryan is determined to prove his powerful detractors wrong and make it three in a row when he takes on the chosen “face of WWE” Randy Orton? Meanwhile CM Punk faces the latest opponent standing between himself and his former best friend Paul Heyman; the monstrous Ryback! Cody Rhodes &amp; Goldust look to not only regain their jobs but also save their father's when they battle WWE Tag Team Champions Seth Rollins &amp; Roman Reigns! Plus Alberto Del Rio defends the World Heavyweight Championship against Rob Van Dam and AJ Lee faces Brie Bella with the Divas Championship on the line. The time has come for scores to be settled at the inaugural WWE Battleground!
222246 In May 2012 Anathema released Weather Systems the most acclaimed and successful album of the band's celebrated career. The album scored high in numerous critics end of year polls around the world and cemented the band's reputation as one of the most exciting and progressive band around.  Following the release of the album the band embarked on a lengthy tour. The European leg opened with a triumphant one-off show at the ancient Roman theatre of Philippopolis with the Plovdiv Philharmonic Orchestra in September 2012. This incredible show was documented by acclaimed filmmaker Lasse Hoile (Steven Wilson Porcupine Tree Opeth Dream Theater) the stunning results of which were released as Universal.
"222259 ""The Legend of Cool 'Disco' Dan"" is the story of black Washington DC told from the perspective of Cool ""Disco"" Dan starting with his birth during the civil rights era and follows his life parallel with the rise of Go-Go music through the 1980s (which is the unheard but yet dominant urban music of DC) and also local DC politics with Marion Barry's rise and fall. Despite ending up homeless Cool ""Disco"" Dan used graffiti to escape the social problems D.C. had in the 1980s when things turned violent and became known as the Murder Capital of the United States. Cool ""Disco"" Dan ends up as a cult character of DC and his name becomes a symbol of survival during DC's most trying years."
222409 Nick's blindness is symbolic to his regret for leaving his friend Michael behind during a diamond heist in Sierra Leone. He is unable to 'face his own reflection'. The 'black' world that Nick lives in becomes a punishment he places upon himself almost like an extended prison sentence. He has lived in this world for so long that he is afraid to see the 'light'. This is until the day he sets out to right his wrongs. Upon returning back to Australia after the incident in Sierra Leone Nick is arrested for diamond smuggling. Undiscovered by the authorities the most precious diamond is hidden inside him. Once incarcerated he hides the diamond in his prison cell. This is where he is blinded by the people he stole the diamond from. 15 years on he lives alone and forgotten. The day he realizes he has cancer is the day he faces the regret and remorse for his friend Michael. He decides to finish what he started to get back the diamond he once hid in the prison cell
222456 They're back! The chart-topping super-team of Joss Whedon and John Cassaday return for more Astonshing X-Men! If you thought their past efforts were full of shocks and surprises hold onto your eyeballs - because you haven't seen anything yet as things go from peculiar to just plain bizarre! Emma Frost's erratic behavior has the X-Men spinning in a non-stop downward spiral. Will an unlikely union be the final straw? After secretly lying in wait for months the new Hellfire Club makes its move! Plus: The X-Man destined to destroy the Breakworld stands revealed! Who is it and what will be their fate?
222649 In 2009 Iranian Canadian journalist Maziar Bahari was covering Iran's volatile elections for Newsweek. One of the few reporters living in the country with access to US media he made an appearance on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart in a taped interview with comedian Jason Jones. The interview was intended as satire but if the Tehran authorities got the joke they didn't like it - and it would quickly came back to haunt Bahari when he was rousted from his family home and thrown into prison.
222955 Australian based Lucky Kapoor (Fardeen Khan) has no interest whatsoever in his dad's Virendra Kapoor's (Harsh Chhaya) business in India. Saba Karim Khan (Feroz Khan) however does have an interest in the property of Mr. Kapoor but Mr. Kapoor is not willing to sell. This angers Karim Khan and he has Mr. Kapoor killed and makes it look like an accident. Lucky's childhood sweetheart Jessica Periera (Celina Jaitley) has the proof of Mr. Kapoor's death but decides to keep it to herself. When Karim Khan meets with Lucky to re-negotiate the property he finds that Lucky is willing to sell; he also finds that Lucky resembles his dead son. Karim Khan will give anything to make Lucky the heir to his vaste wealth and properties but Lucky is not willing. Karim Khan turns on all the machinations he has in his power to force Lucky to be his heir.
"223692 From HBO's ""America Undercover."" On June 30 1969 Lt. Jack Hulme was killed in Vietnam having never met his newborn son. Thirty years later filmmaker John Hulme finally seeks out what happened to his father and who he really was. From family members and childhood friends to the soldiers who fought beside him John tracks down everyone chasing his fathers ghost across the country. What he discovers is a life that mirrored a generations struggles...husbands vs. wives soldiers vs. protestors America vs. Vietnam. But he also finds wounds that are painfully fresh especially his mothers. Together using the accounts of first-hand witnesses they travel back to Vietnam to the place where Jack spent the last few moments of his life so they can finally come to terms with his death."
223767 In the distant future Flashback Films has been taken over by a sinister soda company and the state of the movie industry is wilder than ever! Robots are replacing the studio's workforce and Time Travel is on the cutting edge of moviemaking technology. Jack Taylor the back lot's last human janitor plunges the studio into chaos in order to steal a date with starlet Tiffany Sloane. To fix his mistakes Jack commandeers the studio's prop-collecting time machine and ends up at the center of an explosive corporate conspiracy. Science fiction adventure meets Hollywood satire in this action-packed comedy as jack and Tiffany escape the clutches of furious studio executives gun-toting reporters an angry velociraptor and an entire army of robots. With danger and hilarity around every corner it's gonna take one hell of a janitor to clean up this mess!
223777 André is home again! Back in his home town of Maastricht in time for the traditional summer evening concert on the Vrijthof. Once again the famous square has been transformed into a fabulous open-air temple to music. And this new live DVD will allow you to experience André Rieu at his best. It features the Johann Strauss Orchestra 100 children from the music school the Platinum Tenors Mirusia Carmen and Suzan and the 13-year-old musical talent Melissa Venema on the trumpet. A real high point is the performance with the world-famous Mastreechter Staar male voice choir. And the spectacular appearance of 150 choir members holding torches was a musical and visual delight that you simply cannot miss.
223788 Former child prodigy James Harries and his family may at first sight seem to be a houseful of geniuses but although every single member has a Ph.D. in Metaphysics we soon discover that some were purchased from a fake university in the USA while the others were awarded to them by themselves. They regard themselves as morally intellectually and financially superior to the rest of society even though the clan (housed in a mock mock-Tudor cottage in the middle of a Cardiff council estate) includes a convicted arsonist an astral projectionist a former Bunny Girl a part-time private detective and a transgender daughter (James is now Lauren) all of whom seem to live their lives in a parallel universe.
223944 Ethan Bortnick plays the leading role as Nathana young boy who's separated from his mother when she goes missing during a trip to Japan to help after the tsunami. The movie explores issues like homelessness military family life and adoption. Ethan co-wrote the music with Grammy award winning songwriter and producer Gary Baker and will also score the entire film. Ethan will become the youngest actor to co-write the soundtrack and play the leading role in a feature film. When Army lieutenant MARGARET PETERS (Lacy Chabert) goes missing during a tsunami rescue mission in Japan back in Detroit her son NATHAN (Ethan Bortnick) discovers that his father GEORGE (Jonathan Bennett) isn't his biological father. Learning that Child Care Services could take him away Nathan runs away before his father can explain. While George goes on a frantic search Nathan takes to the streets of Detroit where he meets CAPTAIN MILES a homeless Iraqi war veteran. Captain Miles takes the boy under his ...
224946 Ian Folivor a depressed and reclusive 30-something finds himself taking advice from a growth in his bathroom after a failed suicide attempt. The Mold a smooth talking fungus who was born of the filth collecting in a corner of Ian's neglected bathroom works to win Ian's trust by helping him clean himself up and remodel his lifestyle. With The Mold's help Ian attracts the attention of a neighbor he's been ogling through his peephole Leah and he manages to find a slice of happiness despite his unnatural circumstances. But Ian starts to receive strange messages from his old and broken down TV set that make him realize that The Mold may not be as helpful as it seems to be and strange characters combined with stranger events cast Ian's life in the shadow of an epic battle between good and evil that Ian is only partially aware of.
"225341 A performance captured live over nine nights during the band's spring 2013 residency at The Joint located in the Hard Rock Hotel Las Vegas in which Def Leppard plays through the entirety of their most successful album ""Hysteria"" in its entirety.  Plus two additional hits ""Rock of Ages"" and ""Photograph"" as an encore.  Finally ""Viva! HYSTERIA"" showcases for the first time a career-defining album (excluding concept albums) performed live in its entirety - from start to finish - for a commercial audio/video release. ""Viva! HYSTERIA""! is unlike any show Def Leppard has ever done or will ever do again."
225413 VIETNAM: AMERICAN HOLOCAUST exposes one of the worst cases of sustained mass slaughter in history carefully planned and executed by presidents of both parties. Our dedicated generals and foot soldiers knowingly or unknowingly killed nearly 5 million people on an almost unimaginable scale mostly using incendiary bombs. Vietnam has never left our national consciousness and now in this time it has more relevance than ever. Claiborne documents the Whitehouse fabrication of the Gulf of Tonkin Incident and further raises the question of whether JFK was assassinated to promote the Vietnam War. Martin Sheen who played the leading role in Apocalypse Now almost 30 years ago has generously lent his powerful voice to this actual history of the War in Vietnam.
225723 From his earliest recordings with Roxy Music at the beginning of the 1970s Bryan Ferry has taken his place as one of the most iconic and innovative musicians and songwriters to emerge in popular music. Ferry s Olympia tour travelled the world in 2011 including this spectacular performance filmed on July 25 at the ancient Roman amphitheatre in Lyon France as part of the Nuits de Fourviere Festival. The show features tracks from across Ferry s 40 year career including classic Roxy Music songs solo hits and his renowned interpretations of other writer s material all delivered with the style and panache that is uniquely Bryan Ferry.
225757 When local heavy and ex-boxer Tom Sheridan (Ian Pirie) agrees to hire his strip club out to lifelong friend and colleague Ian Levine (Michael Mckell) he soon discovers the private party involves child prostitution and trafficking catering for wealthy paedophiles. Feeling betrayed and disgusted Tom obtains secret photo evidence of the party and threatens exposing Ian to his associates and family. This sparks a bloody feud between the two old friends and their foot soldiers in a story of Morality Loyalty and Betrayal.
225818 The film studies the history of and people who made Extreme Championship Wrestling a cult sensation in the 1990s. Its an intimate look at the subculture of a subculture and the athletes who were willing to take massive amounts of punishment for little money based on the promise of something more within their industry. This is a film about culture and human beings - who just happen to use tables and chairs and violent acts as part of their performance art. This documentary is not owned or supported by the WWE.
"225857 Get ready to Tear Da Roof Off with Busta Rhyme's First Ever Live Feature DVD. From the sold out concert at the Celebrity Theatre in Phoenix AZ ""Everything Remains Raw"" is a high definition all access pass to life with the Flipmode Squad! Led by The General himself Busta delivers one of the most electrifying performances to date. The concert features compeling ragga-influenced delivery to good effect with Busta's hits and classics including ""Pass The Courvoisier"" ""I Know What You Want"" and ""Ante Up.""  Scene Selection: Introduction Live Show Introduction Run DMC Ante Up Make It Clap I'll Never Leave Fire Light Your A** On Fire I Know What You Want C.L.A.M.P. Woo Ha!! Got You All In Check Tear Da Roof Off Scenario Dangerous Rides Gimme Some More Put Your Hands Where My Eyes Can See Smoke Break Get High Tonight Holla What It Is Break Ya Neck I Ain't Never Scared Get Low Pass The Courvosier Part II"
225887 Live In Tokyo is a live performance from November 14 2012 at Zepp Tokyo for supergroup PSMS which features drummer Mike Portnoy (Dream Theater The Winery Dogs Transatlantic) bassist Billy Sheehan (Talas Mr. Big David Lee Roth) guitarist Tony MacAlpine &amp; keyboardist Derek Sherinian (Black Country Communion Dream Theater Billy Idol). This 95 minute concert showcases a wide range of instrumental performances from each of the members careers &amp; collaborations. Included in the set are Shy Boy from Sheehan's band Talas MacAlpine's The Stranger Sherinian's Apocalypse 1470 B.C. and Dream Theater's A Change Of Seasons: The Crimson Sunrise.
225935 In the Summer of 1963 Flint Michigan is home to the Watsons a close knit family. When 15 year-old Byron’s antics go over the top his parents realize enough is enough and they decide the family needs a dose of Grandma Sands' no nonsense approach in Birmingham Alabama.  So the Watsons load up their 1948 Plymouth Brown Bomber and head South. When they finally make it to Birmingham they meet Grandma Sands and her friend Mr. Robert and discover that life is very different there than in Flint. During that historic summer the Watsons find themselves caught up in something far bigger than Byron’s antics; something that will change their lives and country forever.
226006 Night falls over Beirut. Fadi a forty year old packs his luggage and sets out to the airport with his friend driving him. He is supposed to leave for a month but instead of going up the plane he heads to the arrivals section and rents a car. He takes the highway heading North then continues on a mountainous route. Far from anyone on a deserted highway a deviation forces him to quit the main road. A distinct sound coming from far is heard; the sound of a car honk. Fadi gets closer and closer to the sound and sees a wrecked car crashed in a tree alongside the road. A couple lay still inside.
"226191 As a much in demand young pianist Neil Cowley cut his teeth on albums by the likes of the Pasadenas Brand New Heavies and Zero 7. More recently he played piano on both of Adele's bestselling albums ""19"" and ""21"". However the project closest to his heart is the Neil Cowley Trio. In 2013 the Neil Cowley Trio was the winner of the UK Jazz Artist of the Year. The Trio are virtuoso musicians and Neil Cowley is a consummate live performer with a distinctively English wit and the ability to create a marvelous rapport with his audience as ably demonstrated in the concert captured here."
226272 Documentary using only original colour footage charts the 12 years from Adolf Hitler's rise to power to the fall of Berlin in 1945. Complemented by eyewitness material tracks the dramatic transformation of Germany into a Nazi state looks into Hitler's relationship with his lover Eva Braun and replicates pivotal events including Nazi rallies the invasion of Poland Hitler's meeting with Lloyd George the horrors of Buchenwald concentration camp Warsaw's Jewish Ghetto the Battle of Britain and the fall of Berlin.
227015 WWF Action a collection of the most memorable matches and moments in the first half of the year 2001. Whether it is Stone Cold Steve Austin or Trish Stratus your after this video/dvd certainly has all the best action from the first half of 2001. This instalment of the WWF covers the events from Stone Cold Steve Austin turning heel at Wrestlemania 17 The Vince McMahon and Trish Stratus love affair the Spike Dudley and Molly Holly ‘Romeo and Juillette’ love affair and also including the winner takes all stakes of the legendary Invasion pay per view event. This release will keep you on the edge of your seat. Get ready for ACTION! plus lots more.
227070 Andrew wins a radio contest to spend one night alone in a haunted theater on the 80th anniversary of the bloody murder/suicide that occurred within its walls. His prize: $50000. His task: To spend 12 hours alone inside. The catch: The theater has been reportedly haunted ever since the tragedy 80 years ago and has been plagued by a series of mysterious deaths in the years since. As Andrew is locked inside the theater for the night the ghosts and secrets of its past begin to reveal themselves to him. Will he make it through the night to collect his prize? And will he get out before the murderous ghosts take hold of him forever?
227180 The discovery of the mutilated body of a mentally challenged young mother begins a journey into madness that is so unbelievable the mastermind behind the crime ultimately got away with murder. Revealing for the first time how and why it happened filmmaker J. David Miles ventures into the insane mind of a small town crime family's matriarch and uncovers a conspiracy that continues to elude law enforcement to this very day. By going straight to the murderers themselves for interviews it is a true crime investigation like you have never seen unveiling an alternate motive to what was presented in the courtroom that is as bizarre as it is heartbreaking.
227217 The Truth Be Told is an epic-scale documentary that follows three and half years in the life of Supinya a media activist who was sued by the Shin Corporation for stating that the company had benefited from the policies of the administration of Thaksin Shinawatra whose family owned the company. The documentary is snapshot of a turbulent period in Thai politics from the Thaksin years the anti-Thaksin backlash that arose after Thaksin sold his share in Shin to Singapore's Temasek Holdings and the military coup that ousted Thaksin.
227334 Gahan Wilson: Born Dead Still Weird is an insightful profile of the legendary cartoonist. For over fifty years Gahan Wilson has been known for his ghoulish twisted visions that combine horrific elements with comedy as well as political and ecological cartoons. His cartoons have appeared in Playboy Magazine The New Yorker National Lampoon The New York Times Colliers and Look. Wilson sees monsters and irony in ordinary everyday situations and turns them into explosive cartoons. The documentary takes an intimate look at Wilson's bizarre and personal inspirations the inner workings of the cartoon world and how his quirky creations have profoundly affected legions of fans including some surprising celebrities.
"227404 Recorded in January 2008 this DVD features outstanding live performances of some of Cara's best-loved songs. Assembling some of the finest acoustic musicians from the Celtic world in a breathtaking location on the shore of Lough Foyle in Co Donegal the results far exceeded all expectations. The recordings are pristine and the footage captures this remarkable intimate setting beautifully. Watching this it's no wonder that Cara has been critically acclaimed the world over for her innovative and heartrending renditions of traditional classics such as "" Black Is The Colour"" and "" The Streets Of Derry"" plus original songs including ""There Were Roses"" "" Never In A Million Years"" ""Bold Jamie"" and ""I Wish You Well"". Included is an exclusive interview with Cara a journey to her family's roots a photo gallery of the film shoot and a recording of ""P Stands For Paddy"" performed live in McReynolds Bar in Cara's hometown of Dungiven. Format: PAL / Region: 0 / Classification: Exempt"
"227519 Stone Cold helps Vince McMahon forget about all his troubles! Stone Cold and Triple H clash at ""No Way Out."" Stone Cold opens a can of whoop-@ss at ""WrestleMania X-7"" ""Raw"" and ""Summerslam."" Meanwhile back at the ranch Stone Cold sits down with J.R. to drink a beer talk about The Rock WrestleMania guitar playing Triple H Vince McMahon &amp; the birth of ""What?"" DVD special features include two extra matches and the birth of ""3:16"" and five additional interviews."
227591 Tingya where he lives in a village in Maharashtra. Tingya's parents are poor farmer owns a pair of bulls Chitangya and Patangya. 'Tingya' has a great relationship with Chitangya. Chitangya is part of Tingya's life. One day Chitangya is injured and is unable to stand and cant work in farm. Tingya's father who is already burdened with debt is left with no option but to sell the ailing bull to a butcher and buy a new one. The rest of the story consists of how'Tingya' tries to save Chitangya from being sold to the butcher
227859 Taken into slavery after the fall of Jerusalem in 605 B.C. Daniel is forced to serve the most powerful king in the world King Nebuchadnezzar. Faced with imminent death Daniel proves himself a trusted Advisor and is placed among the king's wise men. Threatened by death at every turn Daniel never ceases to serve the king until he is forced to choose between serving the king or honoring God. With his life at stake Daniel has nothing but his faith to stand between him and the lions den.
228098 64-year-old Meat Loaf hits the stage in Sydney accompanied by an army of HD cameras filming what he announced to fans would be one of his final trips to perform in Australia/New Zealand.  The Set-list:  Hot Patootie - Bless My Soul/Time Warp  If It Ain't Broke Break It  Bat Out of Hell  Peace on Earth  Living on the Outside  Los Angeloser  You Took the Words Right Out of My Mouth (Hot Summer Night)  Rock and Roll Dreams Come Through  Stand in the Storm  I'd Do Anything for Love (But I Won't Do That)  Two Out of Three Ain't Bad  Paradise by the Dashboard Light  Boneyard/Freebird/All Revved Up medley  Mercury Blues  +a 30-minute documentary offering a backstage look at Meat in preparation for taking the stage
"228130 A star-studded tribute (from the creators of That's Entertainment) to the contributions of Afro-Americans in film over the last century. Vanessa Williams traces the struggles and triumphs of the superstars of music and film. Among the many artists featured are: Whitney Houston Ella Fitzgerald Sammy Davis Jr. Diana Ross Michael Jackson Cab Calloway Bill ""Bojangles"" Robinson Ella Fitzgerald and Little Richard Also included are today's contemporary superstars: Snoop Dogg Ice T Quincy Jones Spike Lee Russell Simmons and many more! 80 minutes plus DVD bonus features."
228165 Burger Beard is a pirate who is in search of the final page of a magical book that makes any evil plan he writes in it come true which happens to be the Krabby Patty secret formula. When the entire city of Bikini Bottom is put in danger SpongeBob Patrick Mr. Krabs Squidward Sandy and Plankton need to go on a quest that takes them to the surface. In order to get back the recipe and save their city the gang must retrieve the book and transform themselves into superheroes.
228234 Because jazz is the miraculous product of the horror of slavery Youssou N'Dour returned to the slave route and the music they created in search of new inspiration. Accompanied by the blind Swiss pianist Moncef Genoud and the Director of the Gorée House of Slaves Museum Joseph N'Diaye the Senegalese singer wrote new songs during this initiatory voyage which took him to the USA then to Europe. At Gorée an island just off the Senegalese coast and symbol of the slave trade his memorable concert marked the end of this quest and the start of a new challenge: making today's generation aware of the tragedy of slavery the importance of not forgetting and the need for reconciliation.
"228270 2013 release from the veteran British vocalist his first live recording in over 20 years: Fire It Up: Live documents his celebrated European Fire it Up tour witnessed by millions of delighted fans since its kick off in March 2013. Fire it Up: Live presents the show at the Lanxess Arena in Cologne in April 2013. ""I'm very flattered"" Joe Cocker confessed at the show ""because there's so many young artists on the scene now - it's amazing that we can still pull them in"". This success is due to an exceptionally gifted artist who thrills his audience merely with the immense power of his voice as well as the timeless magic of hits like ""With a Little Help of my Friends"" ""You Can Leave Your Hat On"" ""Unchain My Heart"" ""Up Where We Belong"" and ""You Are So Beautiful""."
228375 Here's a Special Edition DVD that captures the most dramatic and exciting moments from the 2008 Summer Olympic Games.  Officially known as the Games of the XXIX Olympiad the competition was held in Beijing People's Republic of China from August 8 to August 24 2008.  Ten thousand five hundred athletes competed in 302 events in 28 sports.  The 2008 Summer Olympics did bring athletes from around the world together as they competed for the bronze silver and gold medals.  More importantly television coverage united citizens from all nations who rooted for their own countrymen as well as the world's best athletes.  These games were the first to be produced and broadcast entirely in high definition and did garner upwards of four billion viewers.  This exclusive highlights DVD features the greatest athletes in the world united in the most important competition of their lifetimes.
228934 The Treasures of Long Gone John is a feature length documentary profiling eccentric art collector and independent record producer Long Gone John. He initially found success through the establishment of the retro-rock &amp; punk record label Sympathy For The Record Industry and launched the careers of The White Stripes Hole and Rocket From the Crypt. The film also profiles the work and reveals the private world of four high profile artists from John's immense collection of Pop and Surrealist art: Todd Schorr Mark Ryden Camille Rose Garcia and Robert Williams.
228961 Two best friends make the best of going to high school by dreaming up fashion magazine photo shoots and bribing their siblings to model for them.  René indulges all his fantasies and loves designing clothes. Frankie lives for her camera and punk rock. They both fall for Sasha the shy soccer player with a soft spot for poems by Pushkin. When the three of them are caught between competing invitations to prom their high-fashion drama could destroy their friendships along with the entire prom.
229008 The main event was a UFC Heavyweight Championship bout between the current champion Cain Velasquez and top contender Junior dos Santos. The two have split their two previous encounters with Dos Santos winning the first bout via first round knockout at UFC on Fox: Velasquez vs. dos Santos and then Velasquez winning the rematch via unanimous decision at UFC 155.  A bout between George Roop and Francisco Rivera was scheduled for this card but was moved to UFC Fight Night 31 and replaced by Sarah Kaufman vs. Jessica Eye.  Matt Grice was expected to face Jeremy Larsen at the event. However Grice was forced out of the bout after sustaining serious injuries in a September 8 car accident in his home state of Oklahoma.  Grice was replaced by Charles Oliveira who also lost his original opponent Estevan Payan due to injury. Subsequently on October 5 Oliveira pulled out of the Larsen bout citing a strained thigh muscle. Larsen instead faced promotional newcomer Andre Fili.
229208 Life is good for Susan her two children and new boyfriend Russell. But life abruptly changes when she discovers her perfect boyfriend is a drug dealer. Realising the danger this could bring to her family she tells him to leave. Suddenly her house is raided and Susan is arrested as a co-conspirator in Russell's drug business. Her situation goes from bad to worse when she finds herself behind bars with violent criminals. How will she ever prove her innocence when the system seems against her? Guilt By Association is a disturbing story based on true events.
230171 Now you can relive the story of Black Caviar - the horse of a lifetime by taking the ride alongside the moments that made it happen. It is the story of a journey that defies belief because quite simply it’s about belief.  Twenty-five straight victories as seen through the eyes of the trainer Peter Moody and Black Caviar’s jockey Luke Nolen in an exclusive personal and open account of what actually happened in racing’s field of dreams. As the momentum built a wave of salmon and black washed over a nation of fans who just wanted a glimpse of the fastest horse on the planet. In this historic reflection of Black Caviar’s spellbinding career it now becomes more than a glimpse - as cameras take you inside the stables inside the stalls and inside to the story of Australia’s most watched racehorse.  And every race can be seen again on a bonus DVD with more than ninety minutes of memorable extras. Experience the triumph and celebrate the stunning career of an Australian icon.
"230317 Filmed live at the Variety Playhouse in Atlanta GA during her first-ever fully solo tour Brave Enough: Live at the Variety Playhouse is a live DVD+CD from multi-platinum Grammy-nominated Sara Bareilles. The Brave Enough Tour which sold out nationally within three minutes was celebrated by fans and media alike and the aptly titled Brave Enough DVD captures Sara's entire May 20 2013 performance. The set features show highlight ""Goodbye Yellow Brick Road"" Sara ' never-before-released breathtaking version of Elton John's classic song...SONGLIST: 1.Love On The Rocks / Bennie and the Jets  2.Uncharted  3.Love Song  4.(Sittin' On) the Dock of the Bay  5.Manhattan  6.Let The Rain  7.I Just Want You  8.Come Round Soon  9.Once Upon Another Time  10.Brave  11.King Of Anything  12.Gravity  13.Goodbye Yellow Brick Road"
230864 When Marvin Hamlisch passed away in August 2012 the worlds of music theatre and cinema lost a talent the likes of which we may never see again. Seemingly destined for greatness Hamlisch was accepted into New York’s Juilliard School as a 6-year-old musical prodigy and rapidly developed into a phenomenon. With instantly classic hits ‘The Way We Were’ and ‘Nobody Does It Better’ and scores for Hollywood films such as The Swimmer The Sting and Sophie’s Choice and the Broadway juggernaut A Chorus Line; Hamlisch became the go-to composer for film and Broadway producers and a prominent presence on the international Concert Hall circuit. His streak was staggering vast unprecedented and glorious by the age of 31 Hamlisch had won 4 Grammys an Emmy 3 Oscars a Tony and a Pulitzer prize: success that burned so bright it proved impossible to match.
231020 The ostensibly simple story of a sympathetic veteran teacher giving Italian lessons to a weekly class of diverse immigrants is given infinitely more depth and complexity by the manner in which director Daniele Gaglianone renders his story. Blurring the lines between fact and fiction truth and artifice and between documentary and drama Gaglianone has created a film within a film. You see the apparent artifice of Gaglianone’s crew using professionals including the noted film actor Valerio Mastandrea as the teacher interlinked with ‘real’ immigrant protagonists studying the language to improve their chances of employment and of gaining a permanent residence permit. Thus in the course of the lessons there is simultaneously the painful and upsetting relation of the students’ personal stories but also humour as they interact and share their humanity bridging cultural differences united in their striving to make a better life for themselves. (Source: LFF programme)
"231209 Universally hailed as one of the most popular rock acts of the '70s and '80s Foreigner continues to captivate generation after generation with their infectious mix of blustery blues and impeccably crafted pop. This thrilling 16-song set recorded in awe-inspiring High-Definition for the PBS concert series Soundstage proves the band to be more powerful and explosive than ever. Singer Kelly Hansen and lead guitarist Mick Jones are a wicked combination on songs like ""Hot Blooded"" and ""Double Vision"" along with favorites such as ""Cold As Ice"" ""Juke Box Hero"" and ""Urgent"" as well as their newest single ""Too Late.""  No one infuses power ballads with the blues quite like Foreigner and the band breaks out its best in this entry in the SOUNDSTAGE series. The 1980s pop superstars wow fans with ""Cold as Ice"" ""Waiting for a Girl Like You"" ""Feels Like the First Time"" and 13 additional blasts from the past."
231253 SuperBrawl 2000 took place on February 20 2000 from the Cow Palace in San Francisco California. James Brown made a surprise appearance at the event performing with Ernest Miller during his in ring skit with The Maestro. The main event was a Triple Threat match for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship with Sid Vicious defending against Scott Hall & Jeff Jarrett. Other matches included The Total Package vs Hulk Hogan Ric Flair vs Terry Funk in a Texas Death match The Mamalukes defended the WCW World Tag Team Championships against David Flair & Crowbar Vampiro vs Billy Kidman Booker vs Big T Tank Abbott vs Big Al in a Leather Jacket on a Pole match The Wall vs The Demon Norman Smiley vs 3 Count in a handicap match Bam Bam Bigelow defending the WCW Hardcore Championship against Brian Knobs and the Artist Formerly Known as Prince Iaukea and Lash LeRoux wrestled for the vacant WCW Cruiserweight Championship.
231364 Part road trip part adventure story FOLLOWING THE NINTH is an inspirational film about Beethoven's Choral Symphony its majestic power to liberate us to shield us against suffering to provide hope and resilience during dark times.  Filmed on five continents and in 12 countries FOLLOWING THE NINTH is the story of four lives that have been transformed and repaired by the music expressed most vividly in the prophecy of the Ode to Joy: “Alle Menschen werden Brüder”(All Men Will Be Brothers).
"231401 The Sound of Music Live! is a television special that was originally broadcast by NBC on December 5 2013. Produced by Craig Zadan and Neil Meron the special was an adaptation of Rodgers and Hammerstein's Broadway musical The Sound of Music starring country singer Carrie Underwood as Maria von Trapp performed and televised live from Grumman Studios in Bethpage New York. Meron felt that if the telecast were successful the concept could become ""another kind of entertainment that can exist on TV."" By her request Underwood's casting as Maria was personally endorsed by Julie Andrews who starred in the 1965 film."
231471 Wayland returns home after being badly injured in the war in Afghanistan the legacy of his injuries are epileptic seizures. To compound his sense of isolation his daughter has vanished without a trace. He is determined to find her. His investigation uncovers a dark sinister world where nothing is quite what it seems. His quest becomes not only about finding her but also about discovering who and what he has become. Wayland is looking for something he left behind in the killing fields of Helmand Provence his humanity and his soul. Waylands Song is an adaptation of the classic Northern European parable. Wayland is crippled by his masters so he can never take flight and escape for which he takes a bloody and violent revenge.
"231553 Three heavy boozers - a Romanian a Russian and a Bulgarian - are tripling away their... happiness into vodka at ""The Happy Immigrant"" a joint kept by a Turk. The fauna of this venue is made up out of the Babel Tower's survivors: immigrants who had chosen Romania as a country where everything is possible. The predictions included... A police raid chases away the pub's barflies. The three professional boozers stop from running just in front of a fortune teller expert in a niche field: death prediction. The rest is entertainment! Although we are all indebted to one death some refuse to pay this debt. They don't want to die when it was written for them. Or just predicted..."
231576 Aidan Bloom a struggling actor father and husband is 35 years old and still trying to find a purpose for his life. He and his wife are barely getting by financially and Aidan passes his time by fantasizing about being the great futuristic Space-Knight he'd always dreamed he'd be as a little kid. When his ailing father can no longer afford to pay for private school for his two kids and the only available public school is on its last legs Aidan reluctantly agrees to attempt to home-school them. Through teaching them about life his way Aidan gradually discovers some of the parts of himself he couldn't find.
231617 A mix up on her first day of work sends Shane to the Dead Letter Office where a group of quirky characters led by Oliver try to deliver the undeliverable. Though Shane wants out of this strange detail she can't help but get caught up in the story of one misdirected letter mailed by a dying young woman to the man she was falling in love with. As circumstances around the letter get more complicated Shane and the group break all the rules to see the letter delivered and justice done.
231624 Prompted by an almost fatal car accident Sara and Roy a married couple decide to start a new life and move to the small town of Cold Spring. This incident also serves as a wakeup call for Roy who breaks off an affair he's been having with his sexy mistress Diane. Just as they begin settling into their new life Diane shows up in Cold Spring and declares that she cannot live without him and has just bought a house in Cold Spring to be near him.
231643 Spring Stampede 2000 took place on April 16 2000 from the United Center in Chicago Illinois. The main event was a series of tournaments for the vacant WCW Championships.  The previous week on Nitro all titles were vacated and put on the line at this PPV. Rather than list matches here were the finalists for each title. The US Championship contenders were The Wall Sting Scott Steiner Ernest Miller Mike Awesome Booker Billy Kidman and Vampiro. Tag Team Championship contenders were Harlem Heat 2000 Shane Douglas & Buff Bagwell Team Package (Flair & Luger) The Harris Brothers and The Mamalukes. The Cruiserweight title was up for grabs in a Suicide Six-Way match and Norman Smiley competed against Terry Funk for the Hardcore Championship. The World Heavyweight Championship was between Diamond Dallas Page and Jeff Jarrett.
231645 Slamboree 2000 took place on May 7 2000 at Kemper Arena in Kansas City Missouri. The main event was a Ready to Rumble Cage match for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship with David Arquette & Diamond Dallas Page defending the title against Jeff Jarrett. Also on the card was Billy Kidman vs Hulk Hogan with Eric Bischoff as the special guest referee Vampiro vs Sting Ric Flair vs Shane Douglas The Total Package vs Buff Bagwell Mike Awesome vs Chris Kanyon Scott Steiner defending the WCW United States Championship against Captain Rection Shawn Stasiak vs Curt Hennig Norman Smiley & Ralphus vs Terry Funk defending the WCW Hardcore Championship and Chris Candido defending the WCW Cruiserweight Championship against The Artist.
231658 Bash at the Beach 2000 took place on July 9 2000 from the Ocean Center in Daytona Beach Florida. The main event was initially Jeff Jarrett versus Hulk Hogan for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship however a second world title match was held impromptu later in the evening. This has often been debated as to if it was a scripted event by Russo or not. Also on the card was Goldberg vs Kevin Nash Buff Bagwell vs Shane Douglas Vampiro vs The Demon in a Graveyard match Scott Steiner defending the WCW United States Championship against Mike Awesome Booker T vs Kanyon The Perfect Event (Shawn Stasiak & Chuck Palumbo) defending the WCW World Tag Team Titles against KroniK Ms. Hancock vs Daffney in a Wedding Gown match Big Vito vs Norman Smiley & Ralphus for the WCW Hardcore Championship and Lt. Loco defending the WCW Cruiserweight Championship against Juventud Guerrera.
231859 New Blood Rising was a professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Championship Wrestling that replaced WCW's August PPV event Road Wild. It took place on August 13 2000 from the Pacific Coliseum in Vancouver British Columbia. The name is a reference to the New Blood faction within WCW. The main event was Booker T defending the WCW World Heavyweight Championship against Jeff Jarrett. Another primary match was a Triple Threat match between Goldberg Kevin Nash and Scott Steiner. Other matches on the card included KroniK defending the WCW World Tag Team Championships against The Dark Carnival (Vampiro & The Great Muta) Lance Storm defending the WCW United States Championship against Mike Awesome in a Canadian Rules match with Jacques Rougeau as the special guest referee
232253 On a warm February night in Los Angeles the legendary Seattle rock band Soundgarden concluded a sold-out winter tour in support of King Animal their first studio album in over sixteen years. In front of a rapturous crowd Live From the Artists Den captured this unforgettable night within the historic art deco setting of The Wiltern. Soundgarden interwove brand new songs with classic radio hits along with rarities performed for the first time in front of a live audience. Over the extended set the band showcased their legendary catalogue and unparalleled musicianship solidifying their impact on the history of rock and roll.
232366 In the early 2500's to become an influential authority shall not fear. In particular the release of the loan. The trouble with other debts. But it was soon recognized as the industry's number one villain is but Bo Xiang Gang up with the idea that it is still present. The plan to rob. This is a robbery. The robbers plan to rob a thief. It would have a chunk of money to build a new life in the boxing lovers. And plans to raid began. Where do I register a vehicle loan that will waylay I hear people on Bluetooth and Bluetooth are lodged. It was clear to the Shanghai Gang the two sides clashed heatedly with them. The police arrived and surrounded. Xiang Gang with them. But all died. A connoisseur rather than getting caught in shame. And all decisions are final. The police announced the final assault.
232566 Dark Roots of Thrash is a release documenting Bay Area veterans TESTAMENT’s sold-out headlining performance at the Paramount Theatre Huntington New York USA in February 15th and released on October 11th (Europe) and October 15th (North America) via Nuclear Blast! It captures a total of 19 live tracks with countless cams on stage and high above the audience plus a special moshpit cam that makes you feel like you’re a part of the show! //  Tracklist:  01. Intro 02. Rise Up 03. More Than Meets The Eye 04. Burnt Offerings 05. Native Blood 06. True American Hate 07. Dark Roots Of Earth 08. Into The Pit 09. Practice What You Preach 10. Riding The Snake 11. Eyes Of Wrath 12. Trial By Fire 13. The Haunting 14. The New Order 15. Do Not Resuscitate 16. Three Days In Darkness 17. The Formation Of Damnation 18. Over The Wall 19. Disciples Of The Watch 20. Credits  + BONUS: 21. Backstage Footage 22. Native Blood (Video Clip)
232573 Recorded live at Hammersmith Apollo the hilarious new show Life Is Pain covers every aspect of the modern condition. While famous as an actor – the eponymous hero in the BBC hit Jonathan Creek – and a household star for his role as Stephen Fry’s foil on QI Alan was sorely missed from live stand-up. His first show back is a glorious insight into Alan’s unique worldview – growing up in the ‘70s losing his mother as a little boy the vagaries of Facebook sex toys and being a father are just some of the subjects he tackles.
232585 WWII from Space delivers World War II in a way you've never experienced it before. This HISTORY special uses an all-seeing CGI eye that offers a satellite view of the conflict allowing you to experience it in a way that puts key events and tipping points in a global perspective. By re-creating groundbreaking moments that could never have been captured on camera and by illustrating the importance of simultaneity and the hidden effects of crucial incidents HISTORY presents the war's monumental moments in a never-before-seen context. And with new information brought to the forefront you'll better understand how a nation ranked 19th in the world's militaries in 1939 emerged six years later as the planet's only atomic superpower.
232599 Funny passionate exciting and smart: ‘Muse Of Fire’ will change the way you feel about Shakespeare forever.  This unique feature documentary follows two actors Giles Terera and Dan Poole as they travel the world to find out everything they can about tackling the greatest writer of them all. Together they have directed and produced an inspiring film that aims to demystify and illuminate Shakespeare’s work for everyone: from actors directors and students of all disciplines right through to the? man on the street?  Denmark with Jude Law Baz Luhrmann in Hollywood Prison in Berlin and on the street with Mark Rylance. Think Shakespeare is boring? Think again!
232610 Seventy-five percent of the American people still refuse to believe the official story of President John F. Kennedy's death. They do not think he was killed by a lone gunman but by a mysterious cabal that somehow conspired to have him killed. How can this be? How can a crime this famous witnessed and investigated by so many remain a mystery? This is what veteran Australian police detective Colin McLaren is determined to find out. JFK: The Smoking Gun follows the forensic cold-case investigation McLaren conducted over four painstaking years taking us back to that tragic day in Dallas at Dealey Plaza where the shooting took place to Parkland Hospital where the president was pronounced dead to the Bethesda Naval Hospital where the autopsy was conducted and to the conclusions of the Warren Commission that have remained controversial to this day.
232672 Recently divorced mom Lauren and widowed dad Jim let their friends push them into a blind date which goes disastrously wrong. Unsurprisingly neither wants to see the other ever again. However fate intervenes when both Jim and Lauren unbeknown to each other purchase one-half of the same vacation package at a South African resort for families. They and their children are forced to share the same suite and participate in a slew of family activities together where their attractions grows as their respective kids benefit from the burgeoning relationship.
232891 2013 live release from this supergroup consisting of Mike Portnoy (Dream Theater) Dave LaRue (Joe Satriani) Neal Morse (Spock's Beard) Casey McPherson (Alpha Rev) and Steve Morse (Deep Purple). Flying Colors launched in 2012 following a formation that began with a simple idea: virtuoso musicians and a pop singer joining together to make new-fashioned music the old fashioned way. Refreshing classic old and new the recordings are saturated with the many styles tones and hues of the players who in becoming a band delivered a unique fusion of vintage craftsmanship and contemporary music. Live In Europe captures the quintet in Tilberg Holland performing at 013 on September 20 2012.
"233191 Five years ago when Christian sold his soul to the dark powers of Samuel he was promised a life free of guilt and no recollection of his sins. A world where a small cabal of handsome killers Zombies seduce and pray upon innocent men at will. ""Zombies"" follows Christian on a downward spiral as his memory awakens from the numb life he's grown accustomed to. His past causes the line between madness and sanity to blur. Taunted by the young men he brutally killed misunderstood by his best friend Jason and victimized by his chief rival Cain Christian seeks refuge in the supporting embrace of Matthew. Christian is forced to choose between a life of absolute power or abandon his dark existence and walk the Earth as a mortal."
233813 Australia's most popular comedian is back with his fourth show A One Ended Stick and it's his best yet!!  Filmed in front of a packed house at the beautiful Lyric Theatre in Brisbane. Come on a journey with Carl in this intimate 90 minute performance as he explores his favourite subject: everyday life.  Half man half child this is Carl doing what he does best - talking about the things we all relate to and making them very very funny.
234937 Pčre-Lachaise - one of the world's most famous and beautiful cemeteries - is the final resting-place of a gifted group of artists from all eras and corners of the world. Some - such as Piaf Proust Jim Morrison and Chopin - are worshiped to this day. Others have fallen into oblivion or are visited occasionally by a single admirer. In Forever we see the mysterious calming and consoling beauty of this unique cemetery through the eyes of people of flesh and blood. Many come for their 'own' beloved: husbands wives family and friends. Others Honor 'their' artist by leaving behind a personal message or a flower. While admirers share with us the importance of art and beauty in their lives the graveyard gradually reveals itself as a source of inspiration for the living. Death offers little consolation except for the passing of time the melancholia of a moss-covered tomb and the beauty and power of a piece of music a poem or a painting Written by Cobos
234945 Actor/martial arts champ Mark Dacascos explores the story of Miyamoto Musashi the most famous Samurai of all time and trains in the weaponry and wisdom of Japan’s great warriors. Set to the action-packed battle-scarred backdrop of Japan’s warrior tradition this new feature-length special takes viewers on an immersive journey through historic Japan in the footsteps of Musashi Japan’s legendary swordsman and warrior. As Mark learns about ancient Samurai culture the action is brought vividly to life in a dynamic and innovative way through cutting-edge animation.
235117 In the late nineteenth century a fact shocked the Catalan society: The anarchist Santiago Salvador threw a bomb into the pit of the Gran Teatre del Liceu resulting in twenty deaths. More than a century later 'The Liceu bomb' is a reflection on those events with the collaboration of various testimonies as novelist Eduardo Mendoza or Permanyer Lluis historian among others. Anarchism Modernism public executions and the nineteenth-century bourgeoisie shake hands with historical memory and claims anti-Barcelona always with the Lyceum Theatre as a space for a confrontation that today still remains.
235213 Kiko is a teenager whose now dead father was Italian and his mother Marilou is from the Philippines. They live with Ennio mother's new boyfriend a foreman who recruits and exploits illegal migrant workers. Kiko goes to school but at the same time he is forced to work in Ennio's building yards. He feels he lives in a wrong planet. There's only one place where Kiko can dream: an old abandoned bus in a dump yard that he's turned into his private refuge. One day it seems his fate could change: an elderly friend of his father's Ettore comes looking for Kiko and offers to become a strange kind of tutor for him. But one day Ettore reveals to Kiko his real identity...
235222 The Rolling Stones historic and triumphant return to Hyde Park was without doubt the event of the summer. Over 100000 delirious fans of all ages packed into the park for two spectacular outdoor concerts to watch Mick Jagger Keith Richards Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood do what they do best. The Stones delivered a five star performance that had both fans and critics singing their praises. The set packed in hit after hit and saw the band joined by former guitarist Mick Taylor for a special guest appearance on two songs. This stunning concert film is the perfect way to celebrate the return of The Rolling Stones back where they truly belong: live on stage in their hometown.
236385 On 7th June 2013 Europe took the stage in their home country Sweden for a special occasion: celebrating 30 years of rock music. The Swedish rock band celebrated this event together with 30000 fans at the prestigious Sweden Rock Festival. Europe performed 28 songs selecting their personal favourite moments spanning from their earlier years up to their most recent songs taken from albums including Last Look At Eden and Bag Of Bones; plus songs performed for the very first time.
237709 Cheri Jamison rallies the residents of her beloved Manhattan neighborhood to participate in a Christmas tree contest when her cherished local library is abruptly set for demolition. Cheri finds herself up against an ambitious developer Tony Shaughnessy who hires Cordelia a professional decorator to win the contest for him. The competition is on but as Cheri works to save the library she discovers that Tony is more than the heartless man she thought. Will her dedication to the beloved library drive Tony away...and with it a chance at true love?
237769 Get ready for more outrageous behaviour as things aren't looking so great for Mammy; Cathy's psychiatrist boyfriend wants her to be his case study Winnie's husband Jacko needs a life-saving but unaffordable operation and Buster and Dermot have come up with another dim-witted scheme to make some quick cash. To top it off she's overheard her family talking about putting her in a care home... and decides to show them just how fit and functional she is by displaying a new lease of life. She's up against it all right but nothing keeps Mrs. Brown down for long!
237973 Dev Gill is a tycoon who believes that he can buy the world with his money. He is smitten with Tanvi Verma but she doesn't reciprocate his feelings. Dev gives Tanvi's father Prem Chopra a big business contract making Prem very happy with the association. He is even more delighted when Dev asks Tanvi's hand in marriage. But Tanvi refuses as she is in love with a civil engineer (Sameer Kochhar) and she marries him. But Dev still does not give up on his pursuit of Tanvi. He gives Sameer a highly paid job in his company leaving Sameer a very happy man. But he is not aware of Dev's fixation for his wife. At a party Dev drugs Tanvi and rapes her. In a fight between Dev and Sameer Sameer is left crippled. Tanvi goes on to take revenge to ruin Dev. Can she do it?
238185 Recorded live at Hammersmith Apollo Russell questions the values of heroes and leaders. ‘Messiah Complex’ is a disorder where sufferers think they might be the messiah. Did Jesus have it? What about Che Guevara Gandhi Malcolm X and Hitler? All these men have shaped our lives and influenced the way we think. Their images are used to represent ideas that often do not relate to them at all. Would Gandhi be into Apple? Would Che Guevara endorse Madonna? Would Jesus be into Christianity? He concludes it’s all a load of rubbish and encourages the audience to stop voting ignore advertising look to the transcendent within themselves and others...and kick over some bins on their way home. Plus there’s sex. Obviously.
238222 After receiving rave reviews in Australia New Zealand and the UK Bill Bailey brings ‘Qualmpeddler’ to the Hammersmith Apollo London. A brilliant mix of stand-up stories music and old-fashioned wit distilled from his own extraordinary experiences and reactions to the modern world he looks at Cut-Price Shark Diving The Hiding Skills of Dentists A Theory of Cognitive Dissonance & Internet Shopping Mandarin Ambiguity Religious Dubstep and Fashioning Replacement Hamsters. All in all vintage Bill Bailey with trademark musical mash-ups multi-lingual riffs films songs philosophizing and silliness on a grand scale…plus one amazing owl.  “Qualmpeddler is... part rock-concert part political discourse part philosophical enquiry... masterfully constructed... the thinking person’s comedian...” - Herald Sun Melbourne.
238234 The aim: to select the ideal mode of transport for each leg of a pilgrimage from Venice Italy to Pau in France – home to a legendary street circuit and the origins of Grand Prix racing. On the way we prepare by taking to the track at Monza – the home of Italian Formula One. We try to get noticed on the road course in Monaco in a Bugatti a Lamborghini and a Model T Ford. After cruising the canals in Venice we take to the tarmac and things look good - thanks to the Ferrari F12 Berlinetta and Mercedes SLS Black. Throw in a Pagani Huayra Porsche Cayman S and a GT3 as well as the Aston Martin Vanquish centenary edition Bentley V8 convertible Rolls Royce Phantom coupe and the face-bending BAC Mono all seems pretty perfect to us.
238304 Nikki Crandon is one of the biggest pop stars on the planet. Whether she's singing the National Anthem or promoting her latest album everyone knows who she is—none more so than New Jersey high school basketball coach and widower Chris Mitchell who was Nikki's first love in high school. When Chris' 10-year-old daughter Sophie finds out her dad still has feelings for the singer she takes matters into her own hands. With her 8-year-old brother Jackson in tow Sophie succeeds in reuniting the two. But when a misunderstanding and the growing glare of the public spotlight threaten Chris and Nikki's happiness one can only wonder: will fame get in the way of a Merry Christmas?
238326 Purple Van Man is 8 out of 10 Cats star Sean Lock's fantastic new DVD recorded in front of a sold out audience at London's Hammersmith Apollo. We all know what white van man thinks about the world we live in but it's time to hear a different voice the purple van man's voice. Filled with gags opinions deft observations and some silly voices this is Sean Lock doing what he does best spouting inspired jibber jabber as he crosses the country in his purple van. He will make you laugh like a drunken horse.
238426 The Last Monk is the journey of a young newly-married woman from the world of the newly-rich 30-something IT engineers and corporate managers in New Delhi to the vast stark beauty of Ladakh in the Indian Himalayas. It is a journey from the superficial materialism of the new young Indian middle class to the universal mysticism of Buddhism. The otherworldly landscape becomes inseparable from the cosmic power of the physical and mystical universe as she discovers her own spirituality and a sexuality beyond the physical led and mentored by a young khempo or lay Buddhist monk vital verbose funny and a fountain of cosmic truths. The Last Monk is part of a growing movement in Indian cinema approaching the societal and spiritual issues raised by todays rapidly-changing India.
238561 Filmed over 3 years in Homs accompanying 2 outstanding young men from the time they were only dreaming of freedom to the time when they are forced to change course. Basset the 19yo national football team goalkeeper who became an outspoken demonstration leader in the city then an icon revolution singer till he becomes a fighter... a militia leader. Ossama his 24yo friend renowned citizen journalist cynical pacifist... as his views are forced to change until he is detained by army secret service. It is the story of a city of which the world have heard a lot but never really got closer than news never really had the chance to experience how a war erupted. a modern times epic of youth in war time.
"238613 A well-known nightmarish vision of the future: The Earth's population reaches seven billion. Dwindling resources mountains of toxic waste hunger and climate change-the results of overpopulation? Who says that the world's overpopulated? And who's one too many? After the box-office success of ""Plastic Planet"" in POPULATION BOOM curious documentary filmmaker Werner Boote travels the globe and examines a stubborn view of the world that has existed for decades. But he sees a completely different question: Who or what is driving this catastrophic vision?"
238625 Backed by a new band line-up Cliff Richard spectacularly returns; the only place to see the complete live set from Australia's iconic Sydney Opera House. Combining over 2 hours of Cliff's Rock 'n' Roll hits such as The Young Ones and Devil Woman with legendary favorites such as Reelin' and Rockin' Willie and the Hand Jive and Dream Lover as well as featuring performance tracks from his new album like Rip it Up and Fabulous this is Cliff's most rocking show in years! Exclusive extras go behind the scenes of Cliff's tour; there's special access to his wardrobe his crew and the man himself sharing memories and personal insights from one of music's most phenomenal careers. Take your place in the best seat in the house for this incredible rock and roll show from the REAL King of Pop!
"238627 An inside look at the man known as New Jack; the bounty hunter the convicted murderer and the extreme wrestling icon known and feared the world over. This long in-depth documentary covers the history of the man and his friends narrated by Jerome Young himself in a quasi-interview style with archive footage from the failed/cancelled reality TV show ""Bounty"" XPW New Japan Big Japan and IWA. Interviews with former and current wrestlers accent this telling tail of the wrestling industry's most violent side and it's most violent man."
239155 Schooled: The Price of College Sports is a comprehensive look at the business history and culture of big-time college football and basketball in America. It is an adaptation of “The Cartel” by Pulitzer Prize Winning civil rights scholar Taylor Branch and his October 2011 article in The Atlantic “The Shame of College Sports.” Schooled presents a hard-hitting examination of the NCAA’s treatment of its athletes and amateurism in collegiate athletics; weaving interviews archival and verité footage to tell a story of how college sports became a billion dollar industry built on the backs of athletes who are deprived of numerous rights.
"239617 Ring the bells it's Christmas time! The happiest band in the land The Wiggles have joined with the happiest man in the land Santa Claus (played by entertainment legend Bert Newton with dazzling Patti Newton as Mrs Claus) to deliver The Wiggles' best every Christmas songs and story. ""Go Santa Go!"" has The Wiggles helping Santa get the presents ready for Christmas Eve but Lachy's invention turns Santa's elves from tiny helpers to football player-sized helpers (Jay Laga'aia and real football stars Lote Tuqiri and Joel Reddy)! With traditional Christmas carols and fun new songs ""Go Santa Go!"" is the most fun you'll have since Santa first grew his beard!"
239773 1. War Pigs 2. Into The Void 3. Loner 4. Snowblind 5. Black Sabbath 6. Behind The Wall Of Sleep 7. N.I.B. 8. Methademic 9. Fairies Wear Boots 10. Symptom Of The Universe 11. Iron Man 12. End Of The Beginning 13. Children Of The Grave 14. God Is Dead? 15. Sabbath Bloody Sabbath/Paranoid 16. Under The Sun 17. Dirty Women 18. Electric Funeral  A live album and video by English rock band Black Sabbath. It features performances from their 2013 world tour. Recorded live at Rod Laver Arena Melbourne Park Melbourne Victoria Australia on 29 April and 1 May 2013.
239895 Hop on your flying carpet because this musical parody retells the classic tale of Aladdin... from the villain's point of view! Long ago in a Magic Kingdom one misunderstood Royal Vizier will go on a quest to save his city from its bumbling sultan an invading prince and the most notorious thief to ever live! With the help of the Kingdom's free-spirited teenage Princess the Vizier must find a magical lamp containing a wish-granting Djinn (who's really funny by the way) and defeat the city's most-wanted criminal... Aladdin! This musical adventure celebrates and lovingly pokes fun at everyone's favorite series of hand-drawn animated films.
239899 While coming to terms with his dad's recent passing in a tractor accident 13-year-old George McCray is living with his grandparents on their Kansas farm. George misses his mom Jill who has moved to Minnesota to deal with her grief but there is the promise of their reunion at Christmas. George feels needed on the farm as he helps his grateful grandfather Bo with daily chores and comforts his grandmother Cora. He has also made friends with Mary Ann and became attached to Tucker the smart and friendly dog the McCrays take in when his troubled owner Frank Thorne lands in jail.
"239974 Combining early TV appearances with their own music films it illustrates how The Doors evolved from the constraints of late sixties television to a point where they had the creative input and power to shape how they were portrayed on screen. Throughout the unique charisma and talent of The Doors comes across whether it be on a lightweight pop show or on a film created from their own imaginations along with some of the most influential music ever made. Bonus Features: Commentary by Doors members John Densmore Robby Krieger and Ray Manzarek plus Bruce Botnick and Jac Holzman / Performance of ""Break On Through (To The Other Side)"" from the Isle Of Wight Festival 1970 / 45 minute documentary: The Doors - Breaking Through The Lens / ""Love Thy Customer"" - 1966 Ford training film with music by The Doors / Outtakes: Malibu U 1967."
"240177 DIRT is a quirky comedy about two simple-hearted brothers who when abandoned by the death of their mother search to find a replacement Mom. Junior and Scooter find themselves ill-prepared for life on their own. To ease their suffering they search the desert dregs of West Texas for a woman to take Mom's place. Due to their social disability they are forced to kidnap a woman from a Piggly Wiggly supermarket. They soon realize that they have gotten more than they bargained for when their ""victim"" Dede turns out to be the maltreated wife of an abusive Texas Ranger. She quickly turns her misfortune into theirs convincing the brothers to steal her baby away from her sadistic husband. Life gets even more complicated for these simple-hearted boys when the vengeful Ranger tracks them down bent on keeping them from living happily ever after."
240202 It takes a legend to bring a myth back to life. A unique treat for music fans worldwide Steve Hackett's critically acclaimed live production 'Genesis Revisited' has so far triumphed in Europe Japan and North America alike and is still going strong; on May 10th it celebrated its success at a sold out London's Hammersmith Apollo with an ecstatic audience. Genesis Revisited - Live at Hammersmith - a unique performance with guests including Nik Kershaw John Wetton Jakko Jakszyk Steve Rothery and Amanda Lehmann.
240634 From Pong to Grand Theft Auto Charlie Brooker delves into the history of videogames and pulls out a selection of its most significant titles.  From Atari to Angry Birds How Videogames Changed the World explores how interactive entertainment evolved from a penny arcade diversion into a medium that some believe is art and shows how it is changing the way we work communicate and of course play.  Joined by Jonathan Ross Dara O'Briain and gaming legends like Will Wright and John Romero Brooker looks at how videogames have become the most progressive art form of the last 40 years.  This humorous and insightful tour will surprise and entertain the uninitiated and dedicated gamers alike.
"240748 Utility companies are racing to replace electricity gas and water meters worldwide with new generation ""smart"" meters at an unprecedented rate. With compelling insight from insiders researchers government representatives lawyers doctors and environmentalists Take Back Your Power investigates claimed benefits and apparent risks of this ubiquitous ""smart"" grid program. Transparency advocate Josh del Sol takes us on a journey of revelation and discovery as we question corporate practices of surveillance extortion and causing harm in the name of ""green"". What you discover will surprise you unsettle you and inspire you to challenge the status quo."
241070 More money flows through the family courts and into the hands of courthouse insiders than in all other court systems in America combined – over $50 billion a year and growing. Through extensive research and interviews with the nation’s top divorce lawyers mediators judges politicians litigants and journalists DIVORCE CORP. uncovers how children are torn from their homes unlicensed custody evaluators extort money and abusive judges play god with people’s lives while enriching their friends. This explosive documentary reveals the family courts as unregulated extra-constitutional fiefdoms. Rather than assist victims of domestic crimes these courts often precipitate them. And rather than help parents and children move on as they are mandated to do these courts - and their associates - drag out cases for years sometimes decades ultimately resulting in a rash of social ills including home foreclosure bankruptcy suicide and violence.
241371 Each year over 1.2 million wildebeest travel across the vast Serengeti plains and Kenya's Masai Mara on a 1800 kilometer circular journey relentlessly followed by every big African predator. Revolutionary spy cams - airborne swimming or disguised as rocks skulls or dung - reveal the Great Wildebeest Migration from entirely new perspectives. This 2-part series focuses on the growing-up of a calf as he takes his first steps faces his first deadly perils and tries to cross crocodile-infested rivers. It combines natural humor with exciting drama and gripping music.
241388 Kevin Barlow (Roy Dupuis) will die on schedule and according to regulations. Harry Parlington (Serge Houde) director of the Cantos execution facility intends to make sure of it. However Barlow chooses to go be it calmly or fighting to the end Parlington feels confident that he and his team can deal with the situation. When Barlow makes an unusual final request a strange duel ensues between the condemned man and the prison director. In this struggle there can be no winner or loser only two men faced with doubts and difficult choices to make.
241418 In his follow up to his tremendously successful debut comedy special 'Mr. Showbiz' the comic-actor-musician-host responds to anyone who's ever said: 'F#ck Nick Cannon.' A recent health scare has changed how he sees the world and he is here to share his unique perspective on getting older raising his children and living with his famous wife (Mariah Carey). Nick Cannon doesn't care what the haters think and that's what gives him his hilarious edge. Taped at the River Rock Casino in Vancouver BC.
241428 In 1978 Jeff Wayne composed and produced one of the most ground-breaking and bestselling musical works of all time. In 2006 Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of The War of The Worlds took to the stage with audiences and critics hailing it as one of the most innovative combinations of music technology and live performance.  Now in 2013 The New Generation production is launched . With an all-star cast including Liam Neeson Marti Pellow Jason Donovan Kaiser Chiefs' Ricky Wilson Jetblack's Will Stapleton and Wicked's Kerry Ellis plus stunning new 3D holography and a 3-ton 35ft Martian Fighting Machine it's truly a musical multi-media extravaganza. Filmed Live at London's O2 Arena Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of The War of The Worlds is a show not to be missed!
241526 Based on the English comic novel written by the brothers George and Weedon Grossmith in the 1880s. The diary records the daily events in the lives of a London clerk Charles Pooter his wife Carrie his son Lupin and numerous friends and acquaintances over a period of 15 months. The hapless Victorian diarist records the minutiae of life in the suburbs with a dry wit sarcasm and mostly misunderstood humour as he battles with impertinent tradesmen exasperating friends and his wayward son Lupin's various misdemeanours.
241554 Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past—as well as a dogged police detective who’s been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy’s estranged son becomes a target Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now with nowhere safe to turn Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right.
241886 Pakistan - present day a Stranger in a bandaged mask embarks upon a random killing spree with a gun. After shooting eight people dead he realizes that nobody seems to care about what he is doing. So he gets onto a TV show with a plan to kill himself live on air. A Filmmaker emerges from this dream with no mask gun or dead people. Just a camera in his hand. Then his real troubles begin. Persecuted paranoid and on the run the filmmaker becomes confused whether he is still trapped in his dream or whether Pakistan itself might have lost grip on reality.
242022 Neil Will and Simon receive an invite from Jay to join him in Australia whilst on his gap year who promises them it’s ”the sex capital of the world”. With their lives now rather dull compared to their hedonistic school days and legendary lads holiday it’s an offer they can’t refuse. Once again they put growing up temporarily on-hold and embark on a backpacking holiday of a lifetime in an awful car inspired by Peter Andre’s ‘Mysterious Girl’. Will soon finds himself battling with the lads to do something cultural whilst they focus their attention on drinking girls and annoying fellow travelers.
"242091 Based on a true story ""Dynamite: A Cautionary Tale"" follows family man Max Bornstein who was a full-time dope fiend working within the underground highly illegal pornography industry in 1968’s New York City. While running books and films to delivery points and mob headquarters around the east coast Max had the Feds on his tail. But even in the wake of a federal investigation Max's truest worry was his wife and two young children a family kept in the dark about Max's reality and the walls of it caving in around him. As Max battles his consuming addiction dissolving family unit and the growing suspicion about his drug use amongst his associates Max watches helplessly as his well-crafted reality falls to pieces leaving him searching for the spaces in between."
"242287 The two-hour sketch comedy show-meets-concert film builds upon and punctuates the multimedia format of the band's live performances with skits from the stable of Puscifer characters such as Billy D Hildy and Major Douche woven into the performance footage of the Maynard James Keenan led quintet.""Being surrounded by so many talented and creative people is an endless source of inspiration. This film only scratches the surface of how deep our proverbial rabbit hole goes. What Is Puscifer is meant to conjure as many questions as it answers"" explained Maynard James Keenan.Puscifer's concerts have been praised for their out-of-the-box take on what a live performance can be with the Orange County Register saying ""the production matters as much as the music"" and describing the event as ""a thought-provoking senses-jabbing statement on a variety of topics."""
242294 Showtime Storytime is a double Blu-ray DVD and CD from Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish. Nuclear Blast recorded their live performance at the Wacken Open Air in Wacken Germany on August 3 2013. Showtime Storytime is the first Nightwish production to feature Floor Jansen on vocals.  1. Dark Chest Of Wonders  2. Wish I Had An Angel  3. She Is My Sin  4. Ghost River  5. Ever Dream  6. Storytime  7. I Want My Tears Back  8. Nemo  9. Last Of The Wilds  10. Bless The Child  11. Romanticide  12. Amaranth  13. Ghost Love Score  14. Song Of Myself  15. Last Ride Of The Day  16. Outro: Imaginaerum
242400 TLC: Tables Ladders &amp; Chairs was a professional wrestling PPV which took place on December 15 2013 at the Toyota Center in Houston.  The main event was a title unification match between Randy Orton and John Cena in a TLC match for the WWE Championship and World Heavyweight Championship. The titles were hung above the ring with the winner (the first to retrieve them) winning the newly dubbed WWE World Heavyweight Championship. Also on the car was a 3 on 1 Handicap match between the Wyatt Family &amp; Daniel Bryan The Miz vs Kofi Kingston in a No DQ match R-Truth vs Brodus Clay Big E Langston defending the Intercontinental Championship against Damien Sandow AJ Lee defending the Divas Championship against Natalya CM Punk vs The Shield in a 3 on 1 Handicap match and a Fatal Fourway Tag Team Elimination match for the WWE Tag Team Titles between defending champs Cody Rhodes &amp; Goldust and The Real Americans Big Show &amp; Mysterio and Ryback &amp; Curtis Axel.
242617 Christmas Eve. Two Toy worlds live together in the living-room of a house. Two traditions confronted. On one side the Christmas Tree home of Santa Claus and his elves. On the other the Nativity Scene with the Three Wise Men and the rest of its inhabitants. When everyone is ready to celebrate a quiet Christmas the alarm goes off: Somebody has stolen the sledge with Santa Claus' presents and Baby Jesus has been kidnapped! Christmas is in danger and both worlds blame each other. Follow our heroes Sam and Sarah in an incredible and enjoyable adventure to discover the real offender learn from their differences and save the most magical night of the year.
242648 The Falls: Testament of Love is a continuation of the story of RJ Smith and Chris Merrill two Mormon missionaries that fell in love during their mission in a small town in Oregon. The boys haven't spoken in five years but when an unexpected tragedy compells them back to the Oregon town where they served they find themselves once again thrust into one another's lives. As old feelings begin to surface they find themselves again facing difficult choices. If they pursue their desire to be together RJ and Chris risk hurting the ones they care about as they embark on a spiritual journey to discover love freedom and happiness.
242675 A concert inspired by the Coen Brothers' film 'Inside Llewyn Davis' which is set in the 1960s Greenwich Village folk music scene featuring live performances of the film's music as well as songs from the early 1960s. Performers include the Avett Brothers Joan Baez Dave Rawlings Machine Rhiannon Giddens Lake Street Dive Colin Meloy The Milk Carton Kids Marcus Mumford Punch Brothers Patti Smith Willie Watson Gillian Welch and Jack White as well as the star of the film Oscar Isaac.
243208 Miri is trapped in her past and this time her whole past comes crashing back into her life: old dead secrets her dead parents and even the walking dead.  Miris return to Manila only brings her back to more trouble the personal kind. Even as a young girl Miri believed she is responsible for her parents death and the guilt kept her from building healthy relationships with those around her specially with her younger brother Mark.  Miri Alvarez is one of the best agents of an international group organized to protect scientists and inventors from a tech-grabbing group called The Agency. But Miri is hot headed and refuses to follow orders.  In one rescue operation Miris refusal to follow protocol gets her long-time partner killed. Miri is suspended and sent back to Manila.
"243306 Christmas is approaching and Paul's adopted sister Alana is coming home for the holidays. This won't be just a regular family celebration as she's recently engaged and the weekend will be spent planning her June wedding with her best friends Roy and Vicki. Problem is that Roy is Paul's ex-boyfriend and the two young men haven't seen each other since their very messy breakup. Nervous about seeing his ex again Roy talks his good friend Gavin into joining him for the weekend and pretending to be his new boyfriend. When Paul and Gavin meet sparks of attraction fly but Gavin thinks Roy's still hung up on Paul. This charming romantic comedy is a funny look at family bonds misunderstandings and the ""perfect wedding"
243352 Calvin Campbell is a former professional baseball player sent to an early retirement due to his panic attacks at the plate. Even though he had all the talent for the big leagues he struggles with the curveballs life has thrown him. Today he mindlessly sleepwalks through his days and the challenge of raising his teenager daughter. His life is in a slow downward spiral when it is suddenly awakened and invigorated by the most unlikely person – Produce a young-man with Down syndrome who works at the local grocery store.
"243419 ""Youngstown Boys"" explores class and power dynamics in college sports through the parallel interconnected journeys of one-time dynamic running back Maurice Clarett and former elite head coach Jim Tressel. Clarett and Tressel emerged from opposite sides of the tracks in Youngstown Ohio and then joined for a magical season at Ohio State University in 2002 that produced the first national football championship for the school in over 30 years. Shortly thereafter though Clarett was suspended from college football and began a downward spiral that ended with a prison term. Tressel continued at Ohio State for another eight years before his career there also ended in scandal."
243543 Famous country singer Trey Cole is finally returning home after cruelly abandoning the town many years ago and never looking back even when his brother died serving in the military. Now realizing he's lost himself along the way Trey remembers getting his first haircut in the cracked brown leather chair in Charlie's shop and hopes to find guidance from the man who was a father to him when his own dad General Wes Cameron was coldly absent during his childhood.
243745 An American attack submarine on patrol in the South China Sea intercepts an SOS from a Russian freighter. The freighter was attacked by unidentified frogmen on the high seas and high grade plutonium was stolen. The FBI suspects this attack is the work of Darian Cain a former Russian Commando turned terrorist. When a special anti-terrorist team is formed Special Operations (SPECOP) Commander Webb Buckley and navy seal Bone Conn are chosen to join their FBI counterparts special agent William Murphy and special agent Morgan Daniels and an uneasy alliance is struck between the military and the FBI. Their mission: to capture Darian Cain and bring him back to the U.S. to face justice and to recover the high grade plutonium.
243784 Produced by multiple EMMY® Award-winning executive producers Tom Hanks and Gary Goetzman (HBO’s John Adams and The Pacific) and EMMY® Award-winning producer Mark Herzog (History’s Gettysburg) of Herzog & Company (HCO) on Thursday Nov. 14 CNN will premiere The Assassination of President Kennedy at 9:00pm ET and PT.  The two-hour film explores the events on the day that changed the nation – and the world as well as how the public’s perceptions of what happened that day have changed through the years.
"243961 Scott and Ray are two old school video game geeks who spend the majority of their days playing Nintendo and reminiscing about the 80's. But when Scott is dumped by his girlfriend the two devise a plan to take Scott's mind off of the drama. With the help of their friend Steve the boys seek out the rare Atari porno game ""Custer's Revenge"" in an attempt to hold a contest to see who can get past 5000 points all while Scott desperately tries to woo the attention of Sally the beautiful game store employee."
244156 During the last half-century Cambodia has witnessed genocide decades of war and the collapse of social order. Now documentary filmmaker Rithy Panh looks at an irreparable tragedy that is less visible yet no less pervasive: the spiritual death that results when young women are forced into prostitution. Angry and impassioned PAPER CANNOT WRAP UP EMBERS presents the searing stories of poor Asian women whose lives were violated and their destinies destroyed when their bodies were turned into items of sexual commerce.
244214 Is building our own starship Enterprise possible? Will we ever travel between the stars as easily as they do in Star Trek? JJ Abrams' new feature Star Trek Into Darkness hits the screen in a golden age of scientific discoveries. HISTORY is there giving viewers a deep look behind the scenes on the set and into the science–amazing new exoplanets the physics of Warp drive and the ideas behind how we might one day live in a Star Trek Universe.
244264 Overeducated and underemployed 28 year old Megan is in the throes of a quarterlife crisis. Squarely into adulthood with no career prospects no particular motivation to think about her future and no one to relate to Megan is comfortable lagging a few steps behind - while her friends check off milestones and celebrate their new grown-up status. When her high-school sweetheart proposes Megan panics and- given an unexpected opportunity to escape for a week - hides out in the home of her new friend 16-year old Annika and Annika's world-weary single dad Craig.
"244723 ""I've always played Gypsy Music that's what my father taught me. But I would like to know where this music is from"". Willing to discover the roots of Gypsy Music famous Austrian guitarist Harri Stojka goes on a journey to Rajasthan India to meet local musicians and play with them. There he encounters several artists using the most original instruments and always eager to share the joy of playing. More important he realizes that the Gypsy spirit is something that brings them together. After all they speak the same language: the language of music."
245107 In his quest to fulfill a promise made to his wife Calvin sets out to right his wrongs and make it the best Christmas ever for his family. If only it weren't June and the majority of the population including his wife and daughter hadn't been turned into flesh-eating snappers by a mysterious atmospheric phenomenon he'd be in pretty good shape. Driven by guilt in a race against the apocalyptic clock Calving teams up with G.M. a wily ex-garbage man turned undead slayer as together they attempt to deck the halls during the most magical time of the year. It's Christmas in June. And snappers be damned. . . The lights and decorations are going up.
245266 Four young Americans who've each suffered a Traumatic Brain Injury emerge from their comas at a New Jersey medical facility. Their eyes may be open but now the real challenge for each of the patients their families their doctors and their therapists begins. Brain healing isn't predictable we're told and certainly is not guaranteed. So with each 'major' step forward that is observed (opening one's eyes bending a thumb upon command vocalizing a word answering a question correctly) comes a sense of jubilant relief and hope from the families of these patients but as we soon see the more a patient progresses the more difficult things can be for all involved. Moments of faith &amp; hope contrast with disappointments &amp; frustrations moments of confidence with moments of doubt. It's difficult to watch and unimaginable to have to ever live through.
245469 Tells the story of a girl named Markonah who come into the city to find work even without the blessing of his mother. There he worked as a highway toll workers. She lived with Milah the same work dengannya.Dalam at the time Johan that a man of standing and rich who happens regularly through the highway has captivated him. He has sent holiday greeting cards to Markonah but not treated by Markonah.Sewaktu way back to the village suddenly a rented taxi broke down on the way. Markonah had to push the cab to the curb. And with unexpectedly appeared Johan offered to send it back to the village.
245630 Tchaikovsky's The Sleeping Beauty is one of the best loved of classical ballets combining in a single work all the enchantment and virtuosity that ballet has to offer. The royal court the panoramic journey of the Prince to the overgrown castle and the great celebratory dances of the happy ending (in which other famous fairy-tale figures appear) are all brought to life by the luscious designs of this celebrated production created in 1946 for The Royal Ballet. The inspired performances of its revival for the 75th anniversary of the Company in 2006 together with a magnificent High Definition recording make this a superb tribute to The Royal Ballet's unique style and visual splendour.
246424 Oliver is a bright 12-year-old who lives in the shadow of his parents' loss of their first son. His family appears fine on the outside but is broken behind closed doors. As they work out their faith Oliver is left to grapple with his own belief in God and the answers to life's biggest questions: Why am I here? What happens after death? Who made us? An angel disguised as a quirky traveler is sent to help him bring the pieces of the puzzle together. As Oliver's struggles cause him to look to science for answers he discovers God is found by faith not by sight.
246426 Spaces and Reservations is an intimate and unsparingly realistic relationship drama that tells the story of a young couple being torn apart by malaise and infidelity and the way the trauma of their breakup brings them back together.  Jamie and Kacie have been dating for four years and are separately beginning to feel the affects of malaise and disconnect. As they drift apart from one another and struggle to bridge the gaps growing between them Jamie begins to develop feelings for another woman. After precariously flirting with infidelity Jamie abandons this new pursuit and attempts to salvage his relationship with Kacie only to discover that she too has fallen for someone else.
"246557 In his early twenties Sam Cagnina oldest son of a Mafia hit man meets Steven a handsome 19-year old college student and they fall in love. Then after a few years Sam offers Steven a ""visionary"" idea. What if they could find a woman who would fall in love with both of them and agree to live in a ""trio"" relationship? They spend the next 7 years dating and looking for that special woman. Finally they meet Samantha a young struggling actress.  THREE OF HEARTS explores this very unique trio union as they negotiate their living arangements fall in love and open one of the hottest wellness centres in New York City. Everyone who comes in contact with them is never quite sure how the relationship works. But the one thing which seems certain is their love for each other."
246944 Ice World is a Discovery Channel documentary concerning three people living 24000 years ago in England during the last ice age. They live very much like plains Indians with tee pees buckskin clothing and long hair.  Aki and Mora are a couple with a child on the way. Brom is their tribal chief. As the ice cap advances they flee southeast towards warmer weather. At that time there was no English channel and they walked to France and over several months on to present day Czechoslovakia. This is a fictional account of how people might have coped back then.  The scenes of our three twenty-somethings trying to find another tribe to join up with are intermingled with discussions by archaeologists lecturing about cave paintings and findings that correlate with the basic story.
247220 Some of the greatest wrestling superstars come from rich family traditions. The Rock (Rocky Johnson The wild Samoans the great Peter Mavia) Texas wrestling is largely defined by the Von Erich family as well as the Funks whose father Dory Sr. raised two future world champs Dory Jr. and Terry. Canada considers the Hart family (Bret Hart Owen Hart British Bulldog Jim the Anvil Neidhart) wrestling royalty. Great Families of Wrestling will examine these families as well as the Guerreros Ortons Gagnes Colons DiBiases Rhodes Lawlers and more. The DVD will explore the rich legacies these families have created in sports entertainment and define their lasting impact. Fathers sons brothers and grandsons will all be covered including both relationships and connections acknowledged and long held secret.
247491 In 1983 World Class Championship Wrestling and its franchise stars the Von Erich brothers were known around the world. A small Dallas based promotion running out of a shack of a venue the Sportatorium World Class was one of the most syndicated television programs in America making the Von Erichs household names. Run by legendary wrestler Fritz Von Erich a.k.a. Jack Adkinsson World Class made his oldest sons Kevin David and Kerry three of hte biggest stars in the world of wrestling. Little did anyone know that just as the Von Erichs and World Class were reaching worldwide stardom they would begin a downfall that would cast a full eclipse on their meteoric rise to fame. Directed by Brian Harrison who as a ten year old in 1983 watched on television as wrestling's world of staged combat between good and evil took a sharp turn into a surreal and tragic reality.
247502 Academy Award nominee and Tony Award-winner John Lithgow (Dirty Rotten Scoundrels Shrek 3rd Rock from the Sun) takes the title role in Arthur Wing Pinero’s uproarious Victorian farce directed by Olivier Award-winner Timothy Sheader (Crazy for You and Into the Woods Regent’s Park Open Air Theatre London).  In a similar vein to the National Theatre’s smash-hit classic comedies She Stoops to Conquer and London Assurance The Magistrate is sure to have audiences doubled up with laughter. When amiable magistrate Posket (John Lithgow) marries Agatha (Olivier Award-winner Nancy Carroll After the Dance) little does he realise she’s dropped five years from her age – and her son’s. When her deception looks set to be revealed it sparks a series of hilarious indignities and outrageous mishaps.
247622 Bayu (Emir Mahira) who is a member of elite national soccer team U-15 wants to prove that he can bring his team to win ASEAN junior competition in Jakarta. With support from his best friend Heri (Aldo Tansani) the new girl in school he is attracted to Anya (Monica Sayangbati) and the new coach Mr. Wisnu (Rio Dewanto) Bayu leads his friends working hard to reach the final. However a new guy on the team Yusuf steals Bayu's spotlight as the rising star. Now the team is in a great mess and Bayu runs away from the training. As the big match is approaching can Bayu and his team bring Indonesia to victory?
247675 The definitive documentary about wrestling legend Dynamite Kid and his impact in the world of professtional wrestling. What resulted was a very emotional journey into a career cut short by the abuses of steroids alcohol drugs and a complete disregard for his own physical limitations. Dynamite Kid started as a young Englishmen trained in the infamous Snake Pit by Ted Betely and turned an opportunity given to him by the Hart Family in Calgary into a phenomenal worldwide wrestling career. Dynamite Kid was on the front lines of changing professional wrestling from a big man carnival act into an exciting action based entertainment industry where lightweight and physically gifted performers were the focal point of the show. He dazzled an international audience with matches against Tiger Mask that are still a bench mark today.
247845 Documentary-drama recounting the Martian War of 1913–1917. Europe was on tenterhooks in the 2nd decade of the 20th century everyone was expecting a Great War between the major European powers. But then in 1913 something crashed into the forests of SW Germany. Troops were sent to investigate but were wiped out. Martian fighting machines began making their way across Western Europe and the countries of Europe combined forces to resist them. With aspects taken from ‘The War of the Worlds’ by H.G. Wells and from WWI itself this dramatisation presents a documentary style look at events as they unfolded and the effect they had of our world today. Lots of references to real events including the mass attacks and defeats as men were thrown against machines on the Western front the Christmas truce and the Angel of Mons America's isolationism and late entry into the conflict the worldwide Spanish flu epidemic that killed more people than the war and many other things.
247880 When wealthy recently-widowed suburban housewife Margery (PENELOPE KEITH) and her ‘rough diamond’ of a cleaner Gladys (JUNE BROWN) disturb a house burglar they knock him unconscious panic and leave him for dead fleeing in the cleaner’s wrecked old car. What follows is a comedy of misunderstandings in which these two very different mature ladies are led on an unfortunate series of incidents which snowballs into a crime spree.  They prove to be more than a match for the unlikely pair of policemen DI Woolley (Roger Lloyd Pack) and DS Stringer (Martin Freeman) who are left to solve the ladies disappearance and puzzling string of crimes which follow.  As the police net tightens around them the two very different mature ladies are propelled on a shared voyage of self-discovery as skeletons fall from the closets forcing both women to reflect on their past lives.
247966 Sanctuary is the first documentary film on the life and work of Lisa Gerrard. Made over the course of a year it is an intimate portrait of an artist who shares some of her deepest and most creative and emotional insights on all aspects of her life and career. The film illustrates Lisa's connection with nature but also the essence of her music and singing as strong spiritual expression. Each section talks about the different components of Lisa's career: her beginnings with the formation of the Dead Can Dance group with Brendan Perry in the '80s her film solo career the reformation of Dead Can Dance for a world tour in 2005 and aspects of her family life which support and influence her work. Also including interviews with Lisa Gerrard Michael Mann Russell Crowe Hans Zimmer Harry Gregson Williams Niki Caro Graeme Revell Pietro Scalia Mark Magidson Brendan Perry and more.
248059 Khalo Matabane spent two years making the film interviewing those who knew and loved Mandela and also those who criticised him. Global thinkers politicians and artists including the Dalai Lama Henry Kissinger and Ariel Dorfman talk about the effect of his policies and his decision making. Their thoughts are weighed equally with ordinary South Africans like Charity Kondile who refuses to forgive her son's apartheid operative murderer.  Through these interviews completed in the last months of Mandela's life Matabane interrogates for himself the meaning of freedom reconciliation and forgiveness. By doing so he challenges Mandela's enduring impact in today's world of conflict and inequality.  Thought-provoking and reflective Mandela the Myth and Me is a moving film which frames Mandela from a fresh deeply personal perspective. (Storyville)
"248065 Inspired by films including ""Rattle and Hum"" and ""Endless Summer"" Fading West follows Grammy-winning alternative-rock band Switchfoot as they travel the globe in search of new musical inspiration and perfect waves. Filmed during Switchfoot's 2012 World Tour Fading West charts the creation of the fivesome's upcoming album in its earliest and most unpredictable stages. As the band visits legendary surf breaks in Australia New Zealand Africa and Bali brothers Jon and Tim Foreman breathe fresh life into their songs by harnessing the spirit of their surroundings and mining new emotional depths. Part rock documentary surf film and travelogue Fading West offers rare glimpses of the longtime surfers on their boards captures the frenetic energy of their live shows and portrays a journey both epic and intimate."
248185 This event was the first event the UFC held in Singapore. It was the first Fight Night card that wasn't aired on television in the United States market. Instead the UFC offered fans based in North America Australia and New Zealand the option to watch it via a new subscription-based digital network called UFC Fight Pass.  The event was expected to be headlined by a welterweight bout between Jake Ellenberger and Tarec Saffiedine. However in late November Ellenberger pulled out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by Hyun Gyu Lim. Lim's original opponent Kiichi Kunimoto instead faced Luiz Dutra.  Tatsuya Kawajiri was expected to face Hacran Dias at the event. However Dias pulled out of the bout citing an injury. Kawajiri instead faced promotional newcomer Sean Soriano.[  UFC newcomer Will Chope was originally scheduled to face fellow newcomer Bekbulat Magomedov on this card. However Magomedov was removed from the card and replaced by Max Holloway.
248379 American Courtesans is a feature documentary that takes you into the lives of American Sex Workers. These women candidly discuss what brought them to the doors of the sex trade what they found when they got there and why they stayed. Follow eleven Sex Workers through the streets massage parlors brothels and strip clubs to New York high rises and the bell captains in Vegas. This is a story a different kind of American Story that will leave you speechless.
248637 In religion and football-obsessed Alabama a group of actors bond while producing an original drag musical. In the winter of 2012 a community theatre in Birmingham Alabama mounted an original musical 'Skanks in a One Horse Town.' 'Skanks' follows the actors and creators from rehearsal through performance and after at work at their homes and with their families. The cast of amateur performers bond to form a family of sorts while creating the unconventional show in a conservative Southern city.
248745 Dead by Monday is a darkly comic tale of love and death... but not necessarily in that order. Julie is a sweet vulnerable young woman who lacks confidence and is obsessed with the memory of her dead husband whom she idealizes. Alex is an angry writer. Talented but unable to repeat the success of his first novel he has nothing left to say. Or live for. He just wants to die. Fate introduces these two lost souls at the edge of a cliff. While picking flowers Julie accidentally falls off. Alex who has come to blow his brains out is interrupted by her cry for help just before he pulls the trigger.
249023 The doctor who tried to save him. The Secret Service agent who was seconds too late. The man wrongly accused of his murder. And the woman who unwittingly sheltered an assassin. The death of JFK has inspired thousands of books and debates over the last 50 years but the stories of the people there on that day have gone largely untold...until now. Experience November 22 1963 as it has never been presented before in this minute-by-minute account of that day narrated by Academy Award-winner Kevin Spacey and brought to life through rarely seen footage and rarely heard testimonies.
249062 When successful New York marketing executive Katherine discovers her workaholic ways are taking a toll on her eight-year-old son Zac she decides to spend Christmas with him and her mother Lilly in her home town on the bayou. When Caleb tries to rekindle a childhood romance and convince her to move back home Katherine is torn between the bright lights of the big city and the quiet gentler rhythms of her Southern roots. Only a Christmas miracle orchestrated by Papa Noel can steer her heart to her true home.
249413 The essence of surfing is an elusive ideal. Part sport part state-of-mind; an avenue for self-expression a metaphor for freedom; a ritual a competitive event a dangerous journey a dance. Nature supplies the power and with the proper balance of respect and resistance we enjoy the ride. From the North Shore of Oahu to the end of the road in Tahiti. From Australia to California from Florida to France the world's greatest surfers share their insights and show us how - and why -- it's done. Their skill and the thrill of the experience are captured as never before in this documentary. What is the secret to surfing's global appeal? The answer is revealed by Florida's Kelly Slater California's Rob Machado Hawaii's Kalani Robb and Australia's Joel Parkinson through their own voices in DOWN THE BARREL. The sport of Surfing is displayed for what it is. WITHOUT SCRIPT. WITHOUT ANIMATION. WITHOUT HYPE.
"249476 Paris By Night 92: Nhạc Yźu Cầu (English Translation: Music Requests) was filmed on May 10 2008 and May 11 2008 at Knott's Berry Farm California. In an attempt to make the programs more diverse Thśy Nga had encouraged the fans to send in their requests in the format of video clips. The requested songs can be done by an individual or a group of people. Phạm Quỳnh Anh made a special appearance singing her signature song ""Hello Vietnam"" in the show."
249486 Paris By Night 88: Lam Phương - Đường Về Quź Hương (English translation: The Road Back to my homeland) is a Paris By Night program produced by Thuy Nga that was filmed at the Hobby Center for the Performing Arts at the Sarofilm Hall in Houston Texas on Saturday May 5 2007. It is a direct continuation of Paris By Night 22: 40 Năm Ām Nhạc Lam Phương and Paris By Night 28: Lam Phương 2 - Dņng Nhạc Nối Tiếp that was released several years earlier.
"249602 An Archeology Professor and antique collector Laphin goes trekking through a deep jungle to the Cambodian border to see an ancient palace with two guides. They see a crazy man who runs away when he sees them and drops a small wooden statue of monkey. They keep it.  They travel on and come across a village whose inhabitants have all been violently killed by what seems to have been an animal. They leave the village and meet a starving man. They share their food with him and tell him about the statue and the village. He warns them that if they keep the statue which is of the legendary monkey monster named ""Kong Koy"" to cover it with a small holy cloth or face the ""evil"". He gives them the cloth and goes.  They return home and the statue is stolen by one of the Professor's students Joe. He removes the protective cloth and conjures up the monkey monster. When Joe Laphin's daughter Yoyo (Rungnapa ""Anny"" Brooke Sherry Ann) and all her friends have a graduation party the beast strikes."
249916 For Shirin being part of a perfect Persian family isn't easy. Acceptance eludes her from all sides: her family doesn't know she's bisexual and her ex-girlfriend Maxine can't understand why she doesn't tell them. Even the six-year-old boys in her moviemaking class are too ADD to focus on her for more than a second. Following a family announcement of her brother's betrothal to a parentally approved Iranian prize catch Shirin embarks on a private rebellion involving a series of bisexual escapades while trying to decipher what went wrong with Maxine.
250004 The story is told in flashback style. It begins with the 78-year-old Nora meeting 40-year-old Dr. Aniq at an old folks home. Since the young man resembles her husband Kamil she tells him the story of how she ended up alone a long time ago. As it turns out Nora met the love of her life the son of a millionaire in college but because she was ashamed of her background she claimed to be an orphan. When her parents learned about her wedding and showed up at the ceremony she cruelly turned them away. Without her parents’ blessing things began to turn bad.
250006 Spin It Again - Live in Munich captures the final night of the 2012 successful sold-out tour by the Canadian band in Germany. Saga’s historical singer Michael Sadler surprised everybody joining the band back just a few days before the recording took place. The magic was all of a sudden back. Saga charted in the German top 10 and the band sold out nearly 20 concerts in Germany and brought its music in cities and countries where they had never been before. 2012 and 2013 have been very intense years for Saga. The joy of the original band together again the warmth of the audience the critical acclaim had to live together with hard moments on the road and private tragedies... Spin it Again recorded and filmed in Munich historically a second home for the Canadian prog rockers features recent songs and all the Saga classics. Two hours of prog and melodic hard rock at its best.
250184 The story of Skip a young ex-convict who takes a position as a night janitor at an old-west theme park. His supervisor Archie teaches him the ropes but more importantly attempts to convey critical philosophical messages through a series of four stories: a down and out boxer is given the opportunity to become a real golden gloves killer; an assassin kidnaps three people in order to find out who hired him for his latest hit; a new recruit is initiated into a lodge of fez-wearing businessmen where hazing can take a malevolent turn; and a member of a suicide club introduces real fear into a man about to jump to his death.
250365 Jake is a neurotic young man who is persuaded by his friend Sean to leave his hometown to live in the big city.  Sean is an eccentric poet who survives by swindling inexperienced customers on Craigslist.  Upon arriving Jake finds that Sean has disappeared and - alone jobless homeless and broke - he struggles to fit into the city’s bleak nocturnal landscape. Through riveting phone conversations the details of Jake’s strained relationships with distant friends former lovers and forgotten family are revealed.
250574 Looking for work Aaron comes across a cryptic online ad: “$1000 for the day. Filming service. Discretion is appreciated.” Low on cash and full of naiveté he decides to go for it. He drives to a cabin in a remote mountain town where he meets Josef his cinematic subject for the day. Josef is sincere and the project seems heartfelt so Aaron begins to film. But as the day goes on it becomes clear that Josef is not who he says and his intentions are not at all pure.
250578 A music documentary following the breakup of Swedish House Mafia and their subsequent One Last Tour. The largest electronic tour in history selling over 1 million tickets in one week. Director Christian Larson captures the band in a unique fly on the wall manner as they call it quits and seek closure by going on the tour they had always dreamed of. With breathtaking live moments huge laughs and dark lows the band start to unravel why they came to the decision to end the biggest achievement of their lives to date to save their friendship.  The film maps out three of the biggest stars in a scene which has gripped youth the world over and the psychology of the band. A film not to be missed.
250872 Lon is an author who wants to write a book on superstitious practices in the provinces. He decides to rent a house in a village rumored to be a center of black magic. As soon as he gets there he finds out it's haunted. He gets involved with the daughter of the village headman who has a boyfriend already. Like her father he's a small town gangster. He gets jealous and decides to use black magic on him. However the ghost who is really his ex-wife from a past life does her best to try to fight him and the rest of them off.
"250879 If true love never dies and death is no longer the end of life. What would you do if your love one never wants to depart. No matter how you kill him. This is not just a romantic tale. It's a horrific love story in the heat of the night.  The film combined local belief of ""PI-POP"" (ผีปอบ) the flesh eating spirit in the northeastern Thailand with modern day-domestic violence. In an old apartment the death of 14 year old school girl suddenly destroyed everyone's life. Some people blamed themselves. Someone simply wanted more blood."
250902 Twenty years ago seven superstar artists left Marvel Comics to create their own company Image Comics a company that continues to influence mainstream comics and pop culture to this day. Image began as more than just a publisher - it was a response to years of creator mistreatment and changed comics forever. The Image Revolution tells the story of Image Comics from its founders' work at Marvel through Image's early success company difficulties during the comics market implosion and ultimately the publisher's new generation of properties like The Walking Dead. Filled with colorful characters the film is a clarion call to artists to take control of their destiny.
"250925 ""Bujang Telajak"" tells the story of three best friends played by Saiful Nabil dan Johan who fall in love with the same girl named Puteri (Fazura) and end up competing with each other. The three of them are actually professional magicians who met Puteri while filming for a commercial. The three friends decide to follow Puteri to learn more about her only to discover that she is also a kindergarten teacher and part-time model. In order to get closer to Puteri Saiful turns to her blind father Haji Hashim (Mustapha Kamal) hoping to hear her secrets from him. To his surprise Saiful is told by Hashim that Puteri longs to marry with someone who is handicapped as she believes that it is the only way that she will obtain true love like her mother. And so begins the disguise of the three friends as disabled individuals in order to win Puteri's heart including sabotaging each other. Who will triumph in this comedic love story?"
251015 Tee Yai is a notorious contract killer protected by special black magic powers obtained from a monk. Anyone who fights with him loses. He is feared by all his rivals and the police. With the police hot on his tail he runs away from home. While on the run another gang begins doing jobs that are then blamed on him. He has to settle the score. But with every cop after him with orders to kill him can he succeed?
"251053 ""Washington Heights"" tells the story of Carlos Ramirez a young illustrator burning to escape the Latino neighborhood of the same name to make a splash in New York City's commercial downtown comic book scene. When his father who owns a bodega in the Heights is shot in a burglary attempt Carlos is forced to put his dream on hold and run the store. In the process he comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist he must engage with the community he comes from take that experience back out into the world and put it in his work."
251506 Chetzemoka's Curse is about a young twenty-something woman Maya (Maya Berthoud) who is haunted by the memory of her first love and her subsequent betrayal. She still feels the pain works to exorcise it as she wiles away her life as a maid in a small town hotel. But her road to health seems to include passing the bad karma along. She encourages an older married man to run off with her and betray his wife and kids. Betrayal is in the air. Even an itinerant street musician sings about his infidelity. Bottom line he says is that he betrayed himself.
251537 On April 10 2011 Allison W. Gryphon found a lump in her breast. On April 13th she was diagnosed with stage IIIa breast cancer. Allison’s immediate instinct was to pick up a camera and start asking questions. Not only for herself but for all of us.  For many cancer is a cell under a microscope. For others it is a symbolic ribbon a local fundraiser or a jar calling for help in the checkout line at the grocery store. Cancer is something different to each individual going through it. It’s all relevant. It’s all important. Cancer is about science study and the practice of medicine and most importantly cancer is about people. What the F@#- is Cancer and Why Does Everybody Have it? is about understanding and celebrating those people. It’s about really hearing their voices and being invited to share those experiences in a way that will allow the viewer to walk away with inspiration questions knowledge and hopefully a desire to understand more and make things happen.
251552 Dougie Waters loves nothing more than a weekend barbie and cricket match with his mates. But his paradise on earth is destroyed when his best mate and neighbour Norm is forced to leave town and their new boss a pompous English administrator called Edward Lords moves in. The animosity between the two men peaks during one fateful backyard cricket match when Dougie hits a ball that accidentally stuns Edward's prize winning cat Dexter. The cat falls into the roaring BBQ and is instantly incinerated leaving only ashes. Dougie's son captures footage of the unfortunate event on camera and it is uploaded onto YouTube where the video instantly goes viral! The idea of a backyard cricketing challenge is hatched with the winner keeping the ashes of Edward's deceased cat Dexter. The two teams battle it out in the greatest game of backyard cricket ever for the Backyard Ashes.
251605 LIGHT FLY FLY HIGH follows Thulasi a young Indian girl born outside caste and whose life is in many ways pre-determined. She is expected to marry and accept her place at the very bottom of the social ladder. But Thulasi dreams of a different life. She wants to be free and enters the boxing ring to fight for independence. Through a sports program young athletes in India can be recruited into government jobs. Thulasi has talent but she is held back because of her background. She depends on the head of the boxing club to help her but he expects things in return. Thulasi has no money and she refuses to be exploited.
251714 Thea Sharrock's irresistible 2009 production of Shakespeare's popular romantic comedy stirs wit sentiment intrigue and love into a charming confection which challenges the traditional rules of romance. At its heart a feisty but feminine Rosalind (Naomi Frederick) in love with the endearingly naļve Orlando (Jack Laskey) uses her disguise as Ganymede to counsel him playfully in the art of wooing. Distraction is provided by Dominic Rowan a remarkably funny Touchstone and Tim McMullan whose sonorous tones are perfectly suited to the lugubrious wit of Jaques. Filmed in High Definition and true surround sound.
251715 Doctor Faustus is Christopher Marlowe's most renowned and controversial work. Famous for being the first dramatised version of the Faustus tale the play depicts the sinister aftermath of Faustus's decision to sell his soul to the Devil's henchman in exchange for power and knowledge. In the first-ever staging of this menacing drama at the Globe Theatre Matthew Dunster's production features Paul Hilton as the arrogant power-hungry Faustus and Arthur Darvill as the sardonic Mephistopheles and includes several impressive magical stunts along the way.
251860 The highly anticipated follow-up to their critically acclaimed VIDEO NASTIES: MORAL PANIC CENSORSHIP & VIDEOTAPE documentary director Jake West and producer Marc Morris continue uncovering the shocking story of home entertainment post the 1984 Video Recordings Act. A time when Britain plunged into a new Dark Age of the most restrictive censorship where the horror movie became the bloody eviscerated victim of continuing dread created by self-aggrandizing moral guardians. With passionate and entertaining interviews from the people who lived through it and more jaw dropping archive footage get ready to reflect and rejoice the passing of a landmark era.
251904 This romance story focuses on Fox Giovanni (V.Dillard) who is a hardworking; overly competitive stockbroker who thinks money is the most important thing in life. Her health suffers from that and she ends up having to take time off and spend time away from the hustle and bustle of New York City. She heads south to reconnect with her estranged foster mother finds out something about family and true love. She ends up falling in love with Van (A. Payne). It's really a good love story about two people who really don't want to be in love but it's kind of forced on them. It's a situation that neither one of them want to have that experience of being vulnerable or in love.
251917 While many celebrities believe their fame gives them good luck with the opposite gender one man with a successful television career discovers fame is spoiling his chances with the woman he loves in the made-for-TV romantic drama. Holly Aimes (Lark Voorhies) is the daughter of a prominent politician (Glynn Turman) and recently broke off her engagement with a well-known actor. Holly has spent most of her life in the spotlight and wants nothing more than to be left alone without the glare of public scrutiny. When Holly meets talk show host Michael Williams (Kadeem Hardison) he's soon convinced that she's the woman with whom he wants to share his life but can he convince her of his sincerity so she will brave another high-profile romance? Based on the popular romance novel by Carla Fredd Fire and Ice also features Tempestt Bledsoe and Freda Payne. ~ Mark Deming Rovi
252147 In an epic snow year five friends leave their daily lives behind to hike California's historic John Muir Trail a 211-mile stretch from Yosemite to Mt. Whitney (the highest peak in the contiguous U.S.). Their goal - complete the journey in 25 days while capturing the amazing sights & sounds they encounter along the way. Inspired by their bond humor artistry & dedication the group continues to grow: to include other artists musicians & adventure seekers. Before they all reach the summit hikers and viewers alike affirm the old adage - it's about the journey not the destination. Mile... Mile & A Half is the feature-length documentary of that journey...
"252176 H4 translates Shakespeare's Henry IV plays to contemporary Los Angeles to explore political struggles in the community. By killing a popular black leader Henry hopes to cement his family's political dynasty but his reckless son Hal seems more interested in hijinks than politics. Will the ""Prince of Watts"" follow in the footsteps of his powerful father or will he succumb to the criminal life championed by Falstaff? Performed in Shakespeare's original language H4 will appeal to Shakespearean aficionados and newcomers alike."
"252384 ""The Truth About Love Tour: Live From Melbourne"" is a 1 hour and 50 minute concert that was filmed in Melbourne during the Australian leg of the tour where P!nk broke the record for most dates in one venue on the same tour performing an astounding 18 shows to almost 250000 fans – breaking her own record from her previous acclaimed Funhouse Tour in 2009. Pulling from her seven album repertoire the show includes some of her biggest hits such as ""Blow Me (One Last Kiss)""F***in' Perfect"" ""Try"" ""Raise Your Glass"" and ""So What"" and P!nk's recent single ""Just Give Me A Reason"" featuring Nate Ruess. ""The Truth About Love Tour: Live From Melbourne"" features the jaw-dropping theatrics and acrobatics that P!nk has become renowned for collaborating with creative partner and show director Larn Poland to produce a visually stunning stage production that includes pyrotechnics soaring stunts and career-spanning hits."
252457 With unprecedented access this documentary looks into the hidden world of one of Russia's most impenetrable and remote institutions - a maximum security prison exclusively for murderers. Deep inside the land of the gulags this is the end of the line for some of Russia's most dangerous criminals - 260 men who have collectively killed nearly 800 people. The film delves deep into the mind and soul of some of these prisoners.  In brutally frank and uncensored interviews the inmates speak of their crimes life and death redemption and remorselessness insanity and hope. The film tracks them though their unrelenting days over several months lifting the veil on one of Russia's most secretive subcultures to reveal what happens when a man is locked up in a tiny cell for 23 hours every day for life.  A startling insight into inscrutable minds and the forbidding world they have been condemned to. (Storyville)
"252459 Pop music wouldn't be the same without one of the world's best-loved songwriting teams - Burt Bacharach and Hal David. With Bacharach's passionate melodies and David's heartfelt lyrics they gave us hit after hit including ""Close To You"" What The World Needs Now Is Love"" ""Alfie."" ""Do You Know The Way To San Jose"" and many many others.  Performing 25 of the pair's truly timeless classics a stunning galaxy of internationally renowned performers paid tribute to the pair in grand style at London's Royal Albert Hall From Dionne Warwick singing the hits she helped make so popular to Elvis Costello teaming with Bacharach on the piano to Bacharach and David in a rare appearance together on stage the evening was a magical night to remember."
252838 Doug Harris is a loveable but socially awkward groom-to-be with a problem: he has no best man.  With less than two weeks to go until he marries the girl of his dreams Doug is referred to Jimmy Callahan owner and CEO of Best Man Inc. a company that provides flattering best men for socially challenged guys in need.  What ensues is a hilarious wedding charade as they try to pull off the big con and an unexpected budding bromance between Doug and his fake best man Jimmy.
"253086 It's been seven years since the Wyoming Indian High School Chiefs have won a state championship in basketball. For most schools this is a rather unremarkable statistic. But for the inhabitants of the Wind River Indian Reservation who have experienced a century and a half of injustice basketball is a form of empowerment self-expression and access to the world outside ""the Rez."" By using basketball as a vehicle CHIEFS explores what it means to grow up Native American at the turn of the 21st century."
253103 Scare Zone is Oliver's pride and joy. Sure it's just another strip-mall Halloween Horror House but as always he's put his heart and soul into it. The attraction is open for three nights only and Oliver has brought back his old staff including ex-con Spider eager bride-to-be Summer and the enigmatic Goth princess Claire. A bunch of newbies are also on board including earnest young Darryl who immediately finds himself bewitched by the creepy Claire. The dysfunctional 'scream team' learns to work together while someone or some-thing is out to make the horror REAL.
253175 The Pogues playing on St. Patrick's Day in London's Town and Country serves to remind fans why we loved the band and possibly why their breakup was inevitable.  A thoroughly sloshed Shane MacGowan mumbles and screams his way through most of their hits to that point in time. Of course real fans like the mumbling and the screaming.  Lots of energy great guests - The Specials the late Kirstie MacColl and especially the late great Joe Strummer - who not only gets up on stage for a stirring rendition of London Calling but serves as a kind of host for the evening as he discusses what made the Pogues so great.  The video times in at a paltry 60 minutes which leaves you begging for more but between the singalong Wild Rover and the silly string silliness of Fiesta it is a jam-packed entertaining piece of music history.  Extras: Completely Pogued - Documentary (55 minutes)
253176 On the invitation of her childhood best friend Patsy McCann née Willets famed opera singer Francesca Prine - whose real name is Marie Beck - returns to Marmora Ontario to sing in a benefit concert. Patsy and Marie were best friends from the time Marie and her family arrived in Marmora when she was ten years old to the time she left Marmora at age fifteen which was thirty years prior. With the exception of Don Rayford on who Marie had a crush Patsy was shy Marie's only friend in Marmora. However Marie and Patsy have not been in touch since due to issues that drove Marie out of town at the time. Those issues include Marie being physically abused by her alcoholic mother but most specifically what happened the evening of the Sadie Hawkins dance - where Don accompanied Marie - and post dance down by the railroad tracks. Marie and Patsy's reunion may not be able to endure the thirty years of silence and the events of that night.
253228 Legendary band Pendragon return with their brand-new live release available on DVD and on Blu-ray! “Out Of Order Comes Chaos” was released by Metal Mind Productions on September 10 2012 (in Europe). The DVD/Blu-ray contains a show recorded in Katowice during the Polish leg of the tour promoting the band’s most recent album “Passion”. Also included are great bonus features: “...Some Of The Chaos” a video documenting the band’s life on tour; “...Some Of The Order” a video featuring behind the scenes footage filmed on the day of the DVD/Blu-ray recording; an interview with Nick Barrett and more! (Info taken from Metal Mind Productions’ website)
253235 Nobody likes self-centered realtor Oren Little and he prefers it that way. He's deliberately mean to anyone who crosses his path and wants nothing more than to sell one final house and retire. His life turns upside-down when his estranged son drops off a granddaughter he never knew existed. Suddenly left in charge of her and with no idea how to take care of a child he pawns the girl off on his neighbor Leah -- but he eventually learns how to open his heart.
253295 From abject poverty to becoming a ten-time boxing world champion congressman and international icon Manny Pacquiao is the true definition of a Cinderella story. In the Philippines he first entered the ring as a sixteen-year-old weighing ninety-eight pounds with the goal of earning money to feed his family. Now almost twenty years later when he fights the country of 100 million people comes to a complete standstill to watch. Regarded for his ability to bring people together Pacquiao entered the political arena in 2010. As history’s first boxing congressman Pacquiao now fights for his people both inside and outside of the ring. Now at the height of his career he is faced with maneuvering an unscrupulous sport while maintaining his political duties. The question now is what bridge is too far for Manny Pacquiao to cross?
253311 25 years ago Louis Sarno an American heard a song on the radio and followed its melody into the Central Africa Jungle and stayed. He than recorded over 1000 hours of original BaAka music. Now he is part of the BaAka community and raises his pygmy son Samedi. Fulfilling an old promise Louis takes Samedi to America. On this journey Louis realizes he is not part of this globalized world anymore but globalization has also arrived in the rainforest. The BaAka depend on Louis for their survival. Father and son return to the melodies of the jungle but the question remains: How much longer will the songs of the forest be heard?
253332 Pulp found fame on the world stage in the 1990s with anthems including ‘Common People’ and ‘Disco 2000’. 25 years (and 10 million album sales) later they return to Sheffield for their last UK concert. Giving a career-best performance exclusive to the film the band members share their thoughts on fame love mortality — &amp; car maintenance. Director Florian Habicht (Love Story) weaves together the band’s personal offerings with dream-like specially-staged tableaux featuring ordinary people recruited on the streets of Sheffield. Pulp is a music film like no other — by turns funny moving life-affirming &amp; (occasionally) bewildering.
253339 In 1984—before cell phones the web and reality TV a young director set out to document a year in the life of a typical California high school. The result was “All American High” an unusually honest and humorous look at 80’s teen life. Told through the eyes of a visiting foreign exchange student the film presents an uncensored view of senior year in the era of big hair punks and parachute pants. Thirty years after they lived it some of the film’s original subjects return in new interviews revisiting one of the most memorable chapters in their lives.
"253532 Zoey a cyber crime cop and Barry a detective raise their son Timmy in a quiet suburban neighborhood. When Zoey confides in her best friend about shift work and the lack of spark in her marriage. Zoey's mind is set in motion and when she discovers Barry is screwing around she calls him out. Willing to give him a second chance Zoey tries to mend her marriage. When Barry is seen again with ""that"" woman Zoey gets a restraining order and sole custody of Timmy. Late one night a fire in her home tragically takes the life of her son. The evidence points to Zoey taking sleeping pills and smoking - she's charged with Timmy's murder. Zoey goes to Barry for help but he's distant and blames her. Zoey fights back convinced she was set up to take the blame for Timmy's death. As she fights to prove her own innocence she gets the biggest shock of all."
"253741 This is the theatrical show of the TV show Decameron aired on LA7. The program subtitled ""politics sex religion and death"" is  a flurry of short sketches which alternated young theater actors and individual beats of Luttazzi . Some of the texts were drawn from his repertoire theater developed during the period of removal from television. The title was intended to draw a parallel with the same name by Giovanni Boccaccio in the fiction of the book if the stories are born from the imagination of a group of young people who stay for ten days out of the city hit by the plague the program criticized ""the plague that infects the West ""or"" the single thought war-mongering reactionary liberal trying to rule the world with his anti-social policies job insecurity and mass financial speculation """
253807 Of all the great ballerinas Tanaquil Le Clercq may have been the most transcendent. With a body unlike any before hers she mesmerized viewers and choreographers alike. With her elongated race-horse physique she became the new prototype for the great George Balanchine. Because of her extraordinary movement and unique personality on stage she became a muse to two of the greatest choreographers in dance George Balanchine and Jerome Robbins. She eventually married Balanchine and Robbins created his famous version of Afternoon of a Faun for her. She had love fame adoration and was the foremost dancer of her day until it suddenly all stopped. At the age of 27 she was struck down by polio and paralyzed. She never danced again. The ballet world has been haunted by her story ever since.
253826 Love &amp; Engineering is for everyone who has experienced uncertainty had a crush on someone or been on a date. The film asks what are our so-called “feelings” and can we can control them or not. Challenges of the dating world are approached through the perspective of male engineers: how to encounter people in the real world? The film reveals that falling in love happens in three phases and that charming your date could be just a matter of adept hacking skills!
254081 Made famous by the 1957 Hollywood movie the bridges of the River Kwai emblematize one of the most misunderstood events in history. Contrary to the romanticized film version the structures represent a period of terror desperation and death for over 16000 POWs and 10000 local slaves.  The Thailand - Burma Railway was the vision of the Japanese Imperial Army: a 250-mile track cut through dense jungle that would connect Bangkok and Rangoon. To accomplish this nearly impossible feat the fanatical and ruthless Japanese engineers used POWs and local slaves as manpower.  Candid interviews with men who lived through the atrocity - including Dutch Australian British and American POWs - illuminate the violence and horror of their three-and-a-half-year internment. From Britain's surrender of Singapore the enduring force of friendship The True Story Of The Bridge On The River Kwai narrates a moving and unforgettable account of a period in history that must be remembered.
"254123 Betrayed and disgraced big-city reporter Kazuya Mizuno is banished to a desk at Kaname's boring little town newspaper. But Kaname isn't as boring as it seems on the surface. Not with characters around like Shimeko a girl genius with a childlike lack of propriety and her ace fisherman/folk-singer dad. Or the overbearing and unpleasant local Shinto priest a former Christian cultist. Or Endo Kazuya's new colleague a bitter drunk after his son's suicide. Or Kin a former terrorist now a hermit on his boat engaging in secret ""research."" Or perhaps most importantly Teruko the hypnotically beautiful bar owner the focus of all manner of innuendo and intrigue. Something mysterious even mystical is going on Kaname and hapless Kazuya is about to be thrown into the middle of it."
254143 Viktor Kahdem is a man who has almost given up on life sentenced to a low-security prison farm a completely non-threatening environment where it is still felt that some individuals can be reformed. At Won Wron Case Worker Matt Perry has established a unique program to rehabilitate broken men through giving them the responsibility for the rehabilitation of injured raptors - beautiful fearsome proud eagles falcons and owls. Against all odds Matt takes on Viktor as his number one test case introducing him to Yasmine the majestic wedge tailed eagle with a 2 metre wingspan. If these two can tame each other anything is possible.
254251 Our RoboCop Remake is a crowd-sourced film project based on the 1987 Paul Verhoeven classic. Organized through Channel 101 and a bunch of other places we're 50 filmmakers (amateur and professional)  from Los Angeles and New York who have split the original RoboCop up into individual pieces and have remade the movie ourselves.  Not necessarily a shot-for-shot remake but a scene-for-scene retelling. As big fans of the original RoboCop and as filmmakers and film fans admittedly rolling our eyes at the Hollywood remake machine we've elected to do this remake thing our own way.
254375 Hector is a quirky psychiatrist who has become increasingly tired of his humdrum life. As he tells his girlfriend Clara he feels like a fraud: he hasn’t really tasted life and yet he’s offering advice to patients who are just not getting any happier. So Hector decides to break out of his deluded and routine driven life. Armed with buckets of courage and child-like curiosity he embarks on a global quest in hopes of uncovering the elusive secret formula for true happiness. And so begins a larger than life adventure with riotously funny results.
254400 In this particular episode McBride's client is double-crossed during a custody case by his psychiatrist. The client later confesses to McBride that he believes he accidentally shot the doctor when he confronted him in his home. When McBride goes to the murder scene the doctor is as the title says out - as in gone! A search for the body begins with time of the essence. David Bowe has a nice comic turn as the panicked client. Former child star Sydney Penny plays one of the suspects and she has grown up to be a very beautiful young woman. Soap star John Ingle is the confused head of the hospital.
254470 The Bellas are back and they are better than ever. After being humiliated in front of none other than the President of the United States of America the Bellas are taken out of the Aca-Circuit. In order to clear their name and regain their status the Bellas take on a seemingly impossible task: winning an international competition no American team has ever won. In order to accomplish this monumental task they need to strengthen the bonds of friendship and sisterhood and blow away the competition with their amazing aca-magic! With all new friends and old rivals tagging along for the trip the Bellas can hopefully accomplish their dreams.
254641 Brandishing the stealth and cunning of a modern-day Special Forces operation the Los Banos raid is regarded as one of the most successful airborne raids of all time. On February 23 1945 a combined force of U.S. paratroopers Filipino guerrillas and amphibious tanks liberated over 2000 POWs who faced a potential massacre by their Japanese captors. In this feature-length special we return to the Los Banos Prison Camp with four soldiers who took part in the rescue and one of the liberated prisoners.
254744 Elyot Chase and Amanda Prynne are glamorous rich reckless… and divorced. Five years later their love for one another is unexpectedly rekindled when they take adjoining suites of a French hotel while honeymooning with their new spouses. This chance encounter instantly reignites their passion and they fling themselves headlong into a whirlwind of love and lust once more without a thought for partners present or turbulences past. This Chichester Festival Theatre production of Noėl Coward’s Privates Lives was filmed live at London's Gielgud Theatre.
254873 Often confused as a mentalist  and magician Andre the Hilarious Hypnotist is actually an award winning Comedian and Stage Hypnotist who has the audience in the palm of his hands from the beginning of his show to the very end.  Andre who has become somewhat of an institution on the entertainment calendar in South Africa and neighbouring countries has in his 21 years on stage set attendance records and filled theatre's where ever he performs.  Andre's shows popularity spiralled him onto the public platform in the early 90's and has continued growing since . If fresh funny and family friendly describes what you are looking for in entertainment then you have found your next corporate event year end function or fund raising.  Andre is managed by the High Voltage Humour group of companies which prides themselves in promoting only the highest calabre artists in Southern Africa
254919 The opening ceremony of the 2014 Winter Olympics took place at the Fisht Olympic Stadium in Sochi Russia on 7 February 2014. It began at 20:14 MSK (UTC+4) and finished at 23:02 MSK (UTC+4) This was the first Winter Olympics and first Olympic Games opening ceremony under the IOC presidency of Thomas Bach.  The Games were officially opened by President Vladimir Putin. An audience of 40000 were in attendance at the stadium with an estimated 2000 performers.  The ceremony touched upon various aspects of Russian history and included tributes to famous Russians such as Peter Tchaikovsky (1840–1893) Ukrainian-born Russian humourist dramatist and novelist Nikolai Gogol (1809–1852) filmmaker Sergei Eisenstein (1898–1948) ballet dancer Vaslav Nijinsky (1889–1950) and patron of arts and founder of Ballet Russes Sergei Diaghilev (1872–1929).
255419 This story of espionage and counter-espionage is based on the novel by Ian Adams. Suspicious circumstances surrounded the mysterious death of a Canadian diplomat. At the height of The Cold War in October 1964 John Watkins Canada's former ambassador to Moscow and a close friend of Prime Minister Lester B. Pearson is kidnapped and held in a hotel for questioning by the RCMP at the urging of the CIA. Several days into the interrogation he died. The official obituary claimed that he suffered a heart attack in the company of friends during a farewell supper celebrating his illustrious career.
255476 Cowgirls 'n Angels Dakota's Summer tells the story of Dakota Rose a cowgirl and competitive trick rider who finds out at the age of seventeen that she was adopted. She secretly sets out to discover the truth about her adoption and meet her birth parents while visiting her grandfather rodeo legend Austin Rose. At Austin's ranch on break from the Sweethearts of the Rodeo trick riding team Dakota discovers that family is not defined by blood but rather personal commitment and by the love they share. Finally at peace Dakota trains with Austin in order to prepare to rejoin the Sweethearts for their final competition against the talented Lone Star trick riding team and become the champion trick rider she was destined to be.
255667 1959 support from US troops based in Asia and later from the Sates enables two actresses to start a charity for mixed-race 'orphans' who are locally neglected as outcasts. Thus originates Childhelp which later runs multi-disciplinary centers for abused and/or neglected children in the States. Among them is bright Jacob Fletcher whose stepfather a lawyer terrorized him into utter trauma and reclaims him shortly after 10 months in jail. Jacob's peers have distressing stories of their own but competent devoted staff helps most of them decisively on the former farm using animal therapy.
255679 On September 15th 2008 the day of the the collapse of Lehmans the worst financial news since 1929 Damien Hirst sold over £60 million of his art in an auction at Sotheby’s that would total £111 million over two days. It was the peak of the contemporary art bubble the greatest rise in the financial value of art in the history of the world. One art critic and film-maker was banned by Sotheby’s and Hirst from attending this historic auction: Ben Lewis.
255885 “My new feature length documentary Breadcrumb Trail is about Slint and the Louisville music culture they emerged from. It includes footage going back to the early 1990s that I shot when repeatedly driving up from Athens GA to Louisville to try to chase rumors of what they guys were up to. Over the years I tracked down more stories about them then began filming interviews with each of the band members and their contemporaries. We also unearthed some unseen/uncirculated footage from their few live performances as well as the writing and arranging of Spiderland.”
255934 Tuck Bushman (Chris Lumb) is an out of luck and out of work TV presenter / creature hunter. When strange things start to happen in the remote Yorkshire village of Piddledown Dale the mayor Eli Nefarious (Rob Girdler) offers a reward to the person who can capture the culprit. Tuck jumps at the chance to claim the prize and heads off with snobby director Jerry Stains (Matthew Jackson) in tow to make a programme of his triumph and get his career back on track. Little does Tuck know that there is more brewing in the village than tea and some old wounds and old flames will surface from his past not to mention his ex-girlfriend Felicity Scruples (Natalie Smeaton). Mad doctors monster hunters camping booby traps car chases and even a giant sheep make this a trip to Piddledown Dale you won't forget!
256155 When the Love Is Gone is a 2013 Filipino romantic drama film directed by Andoy Ranay starring Cristine Reyes Gabby Concepcion Alice Dixson Andi Eigenmann and Jake Cuenca. The film is distributed by Viva Films with co-production of Multivision Pictures and was released November 27 2013 nationwide as part of Viva Films' 32nd anniversary.  The movie is a remake of the 1983 blockbuster movie directed by Danny Zialcita entitled Nagalit ang Buwan sa Haba ng Gabi which stars Dindo Fernando Gloria Diaz Laurice Guillen and Eddie Garcia.
256182 Bottled Up: The Battle Over Dublin Dr Pepper' is a new documentary 120 years in the making. Our story details the small town of Dublin Texas which was the first place to ever bottle the soft drink Dr Pepper back in 1891. Garnering cult-like status in the 70s by continuing to produce Dr Pepper with pure cane sugar as the soda industry switched to High Fructose Corn Syrup (HFCS) 'Bottled Up' details the events and history leading up to the demise of the relationship between Dublin Dr Pepper and its parent corporation - The Dr Pepper Snapple Group in 2012. With exclusive interviews and footage Bottled Up provides an insiders look at how this relationship fizzled and the public outcry that continues to this day.
256199 New girl Cassie and outcast Maggie are easily the most awkward girls in high school. Together they decide the way to win the hearts of the cute boys and popular girls is to come in first at the school talent show. But rivals Heather Other Heather and their popular boyfriends Brett and Dirk will stop at nothing to keep our heroes the laughing stock of the school. It's going to take makeovers courage and maybe even a little rapping to beat them in true 80s style.
256214 Ten years after Mondovino his analysis of the increasingly standardised wine production in France wine expert Jonathan Nossiter picks up the thread again and shows what it means to be rooted in the soil you're working on. During walks through the vineyards and relaxed gatherings with a group of alternative Italian wine growers he trades experiences and arguments. What looks like a bucolic paradise where intelligent people produce wine according to time-honoured and organic methods is actually revealed to be a battleground. The DOC association which is supposed to look after the interest of independent vintners promotes winemakers who produce vast amounts in a standardised quality; and the agricultural industry with its hygiene regulations excludes traditional methods of production. The only thing saving the landscape from being totally destroyed is affluent foreigners using the old vineyards as summer holiday homes.
"256258 1. Enchantment 2. Hallowed Land 3. The Last Time 4. Forever Failure 5. Once Solemn 6. Shadowkings 7. Elusive Cure 8. Yearn For Change 9. Shades Of God 10. Hands Of Reason 11. I See Your Face 12. Jaded 13. Faith Divides Us - Death Unites Us 14. True Belief 15. One Second 16. Say Just Words 17. The Rise Of Denial 18. As I Die  2011 live release from the British Gothic Metal pioneers. Draconian Times MMXI features the band performing their legendary Draconian Times album live on stage during the album's 15th anniversary mini-tour in 2010. Commented vocalist Nick Holmes: ""It was great fun doing the 'Draconian Times' live shows and the response outshined our expectations by far. All the shows were great. This release is dedicated to them and I hope they thoroughly enjoy it!"""
"256277 Samantha Hart is delighted when her online ""Chance at Romance"" to photographer Heath Madsen eventually results in Heath sending her a first class ticket to visit. Upon arriving for what she expects to be a romantic weekend however she learns her online relationship with the widowed photographer was actually manufactured a matchmaking twelve year-old. Sam is anxious to end her trip as quickly as possible but a nasty bout of weather extends her stay through the end of the week."
256397 John Eliot Gardiner goes in search of Bach the man and the musician.  The famous portrait of Bach portrays a grumpy 62-year-old man in a wig and formal coat yet his greatest works were composed 20 years earlier in an almost unrivalled blaze of creativity.  We reveal a complex and passionate artist; a warm and convivial family man at the same time a rebellious spirit struggling with the hierarchies of state and church who wrote timeless music that is today known world-wide. Gardiner undertakes a 'Bach Tour' of Germany and sifts the relatively few clues we have - some newly-found.  Most of all he uses the music to reveal the real Bach.
256476 Regent Horthy is the leader of Hungary and a German ally but his favorable standing with Hitler changes as the war comes to an end. Forced to cede Hungary’s power or else witness the execution of his son Regent Horthy gives up control of his country to the Nazis who quickly move Hungarians to ghettos and death camps with no hope in sight. But the despair changes when a young man named Elek emerges. Separated from his family during the relocations and aided by the woman he loves  Elek defies the enemy by becoming one of them. In a race against time disguised as a Nazi Officer he embarks on a mission to save his family and thousands of his countrymen.
256490 The sinking of the RMS Titanic remains one of the most enduring and mysterious tragedies of the 20th century. For decades investigators and amateurs alike have floated theories for why it occurred and who was to blame for the extraordinary loss of life but no one answer could fully explain what happened. Until now. To mark the 100th anniversary of the infamous disaster Smithsonian Channel will premiere Titanic's Final Mystery. The two-hour special investigates a century of theories and uncovers astonishing new forensic evidence that proves the most likely theory for the case.
256654 In the town of Copper Canyon people are cashing in on an economic housing boom and the local country club is buzzing about the investment opportunity. Once vivacious couple Roger (Vincent D'Onofrio) and Georgie  (Kyra Sedgwick) have settled into a complacent lifestyle of mediocrity where their marriage is falling apart and their children are turning away from them. Nonetheless the desperately discontent Georgie pushes Roger into finding a way to invest in the market bubble in the hopes that their family can be saved with the money they are sure to make. When local tennis pro and part-time drug dealer Pat (Rhys Coiro) comes to Roger for investment advice Roger sees his opportunity.  Torn by the reality that his family could be saved by this dirty money Roger finds himself staring down the barrel of a moral conundrum.
"257000 (Long Synopsis) ""In this sexy urban psychological-thriller handsome Andrew Walters (Johan Earl) leads A Perfect Life with a high-powered career as a corporate executive and his adoring beautiful blonde wife Helen (Heidi Houghting) by his side.  But Andrew lives a parallel existence that Helen knows nothing about and not since Fatal Attraction has an extra-marital affair gone so terribly wrong.  When Rachel (Amelia Kaldor) decides she’s no longer happy as the other woman and that their relationship has no future she plots a deadly heart-stopping “game” of truth-or-dare in which she makes all the rules.  Also starring Joe Estevez and Belinda Gosbee."""
257038 Ahmad Daniel has everything a young man could wish for; loving parents megabucks and girls girls and girls. But when he first set his sights on pretty kampung lass Nurul Ain it was indeed love at first sight. Nurul is a salesgirl in the departmental store and takes night classes for self-development. With the help of his driver and confidante Osman Daniel sets out to woo Nurul by pretending to be plain ol' Ahmad. He has had his share of bad experiences when women want him because of his wealth and not for who he is. However Nurul's uncle who is having financial difficulties wants to marry her off to a rich widower. To halt his plans Daniel explained who he really is. Feeling betrayed that the one she loved and trusted most had lied to her Nurul could not accept Daniel back. Can Daniel woo her back? Can he now overcome the insurmountable obstacles to win back the heart of the woman he loves?
"257117 Milton a college dropout was only supposed to cook meth for one day. Broken out of rehab by a brash young woman and her trigger-happy (""ex"") boyfriend and driven to a remote cabin the woods Milton finds himself drawn into a dangerous love triangle gone haywire. The couple's deadpan half-truths spin around Milton like a song on repeat. They seem to read him like an open book until a mysterious message opens his eyes to his cursed existence. With unlimited ammunition any hunting tool they could desire and an ever-growing body count for what did Milton really sign up?"
"257177 Frank is a man who thinks he has lost everything until his house is destroyed by a tornado. Then when he goes to the insurance company he’s told they won't pay because the damage falls under the ""Act of God"" exclusion in his policy. With nothing left and nothing left to lose he decides to sue God himself for damages naming representatives of the world's religions as defendants in the suit. What starts as a ridiculous stunt becomes a beautiful funny soulful odyssey in which he rediscovers that love itself... requires a leap of faith."
257206 Two ghosts separated by time who have roamed the grounds of a historic English mansion searching for each other are brought together by Ally (LAURA PENNEYCARD) a photography student who is experiencing dreams she can't explain and Emmett (GEOFF SHAW) the son of a wealthy industrialist. Emmett befriends Ally and together they unravel the truth behind the disappearance of his long lost love Catherine a beautiful servant girl. However Ally must first overcome her fears of his ghostly appearance before she can help Emmett find Catherine and reunite their love. Shot in the beautiful location of Hylands House this lavish drama with a supernatural theme leads you through past and present in a series of spine-chilling nightmares ghostly appearances and suspenseful chase sequences which moves into a beautiful romance tale drawing on all your senses from the outset.
257250 IRL (In Real Life) is a film about the evils among teenagers in the world of social media.  Elias will not escape his tormentors. They are everywhere in school on the subway and spew their hatred of him online. He flees into The Secret World an online game with thousands of players where Elias accepts the Invincible Warrior S:]iles guise. In the game he meets Sc4rlet a talented and beautiful girl soldier. Together they conquer their violent digital world. Sc4rlet want to meet Elias IRL (In Real Life). Hesitantly he agrees to be seen but well at the meeting place where a very ordinary girl standing he dare not go forward. Elias realizes that he will never meet Sc4rlet and decides to take his life that night.
"257258 Lakshmi is a thirteen-year-old girl who lives with her family in a small hut on a mountain in Nepal. When the Himalayan monsoons wash away all that remains of the family's crops Lakshmi's father says she must leave home and take a job to support her family. He introduces her to a glamorous stranger who tells her she will find her a job as a maid in the city. Glad to be able to help Lakshmi journeys to India and arrives at ""Happiness House"" full of hope. But she soon learns the unthinkable truth: she has been sold into prostitution..."
257368 The first Cylon war has been raging for 10 years and a young Ensign William Adama joins the fleet. Disappointed not to be assigned to a fighter but to a freighter his co-pilot also isn't too keen on having a rookie flying his aircraft as he has only a short time before he again becomes a civilian. Their cargo is a civilian scientist but they no sooner leave than she has new orders for them and a new destination. Although she’s less than forthcoming about the details Adama is keen—particularly as it involves going into Cylon controlled space. However nothing is as it seems.
257508 Flying over astonishing sights of Rio de Janeiro you will see it's postcards from unprecedented angles for the firts time recorded by high definition lenses. The visual spectacle staring the Cidade Maravilhosa (Marvelous City) of Rio de Janeiro the Green Coast of Ilha Grande Angra dos Reis and Paraty the Sun Coast of Bśzios Arraial do Cabo Cabo FrioSaquarema and Ponta Negra and the mountains of Petrópolis and Teresópolis is complemented by the soundtrack tastefully composed exclusively for the project Rio in HD making it a symphony of sounds and images.
257614 As the Palaces Burn is a feature-length documentary that originally sought to follow Lamb of God and their fans throughout the world to demonstrate how music ties us together when we can’t find any other common bond. However during the filming process in 2012 the story abruptly took a dramatic turn when lead singer Randy Blythe was arrested on charges of manslaughter and blamed for the death of one of their young fans in the Czech Republic. What followed was a heart-wrenching courtroom drama that left fans friends and curious onlookers around the world on the edge of their seats.
"257615 Prominent Columbia University English and Comparative Literature professor Edward Said was well known in the United States for his tireless efforts to convey the plight of the Palestinian people and in this film shot less than a year before his death resulting from incurable leukemia the author of such books as {-Orientalism} {-Culture and Imperialism} and {-Power Politics and Culture} discusses with filmmakers his illness his life his education and the continuing turmoil in Palestine. Diagnosed with the disease in 1991 Said struggled with his leukemia throughout the 1990s before refraining from interviews due to his increasingly fragile physical state. This interview was the one sole exception to his staunch ""no interview"" policy and provides fascinating insight into the mind of the man who became Western society's most prominent spokesman for the Palestinian cause."
257979 After the tragic death of his ex-girlfriend Kyle Foster struggles to accept the responsibility of being a father to the young daughter Teigan who they had together. Amidst pressure from Teigan's grandfather Bill for legal custody and Kyle's desire to pursue his dreams of being a professional musician he strives to find his way. As the details of their complex history emerge the pain and resentment Kyle and Bill feel for each other blinds them to the love they share for the little girl who connects them. As their unwillingness to reconcile threatens to tear her away from both of them forever their journey becomes an odyssey of redemption commitment and forgiveness as they discover what is most important in their lives.
258099 Ted Morgan has been treading water for most of his life. After his wife leaves him Ted realizes he has nothing left to live for.  Summoning the courage for one last act Ted decides to go home and face the people he feels are responsible for creating the shell of a person he has become.  But life is tricky.  The more determined Ted is to confront his demons to get closure and to withdraw from his family the more Ted is yanked into the chaos of their lives. So when Ted Morgan decides to kill himself he finds a reason to live.
258100 APPROACHING THE ELEPHANT is a feature-length documentary about The Teddy McArdle Free School where classes are optional and rules are made by democratic vote. Summerhill founded 90 years ago by A. S. Neill was the first free school - now there are more than 200 worldwide. Approaching the Elephant chronicles a free school in the making - spanning two years from Teddy McArdle's first day when there were no rules or classes through the changing of the school's director and the expulsion of a student by democratic vote to the last day of the second year APPROACHING THE ELEPHANT is an intimate portrait of a small group of people from a range of educational backgrounds come together to forge a place where children are treated as equals at liberty to spend their days however they please.
"258449 Adapting its title and theme from Thomas De Quincey's murder text this long-overdue return to narrative cinema by the great British filmmaker Peter Whitehead is based around a mesmerizing psycho-geographical exploration of modern day Vienna. The film incorporates a record of the subversive underbelly of the city into a poetic meditation on conspiracy theory ecoterrorism time and cinema retracing the story of The Third Man. Adapted from a trilogy of Whitehead's own Nohzone novels the objective and subjective becomes blurred as the film director merges with the fictional detective in a journey into the murky activities of covert counter-insurgency groups. Kaleidoscopic in intent the film mixes Noh theatre Victorian novels Vienna after the war opium domain names and Jacob's ladder ""pitched twixt Heaven and Charring Cross""."
258542 An odyssey across the places of origin of Western civilization: Greece subsumed by economic crisis; where the mind the soul and the music of its people lie specially the Rebetes the Rebetiko singers considered as the Hellenic equivalent to blues; this music against the establishment was born among refugees who arrived to Greece from Asia Minor and proliferated in poor urban neighborhoods. In the journey of composer and musician Vinicio Capossela through the taverns of Athens and Thessalonica this film records his music his wandering life and his travel journal revealing at the same time the collective scars the crisis has left in a place where everything seems to have lost its value.
258614 In 1998 Marco Pantani the most flamboyant and popular cyclist of his era won both the Tour de France and Giro d'Italia a titanic feat of physical and mental endurance that no rider has repeated since. He was a hero to millions the saviour of cycling following the doping scandals which threatened to destroy the sport. However less than six years later aged just 34 he died alone in a cheap hotel room from acute cocaine poisoning. He had been an addict for five years. This is the story of the tragic battles fought by the most important Italian cyclist of his generation; man verses mountain athlete verses addiction Marco Pantani verses himself.
258665 Thirty years on from the 1984 Union Carbide plant malfunction the consequences of which are tragically ongoing A Prayer for Rain is the powerful and moving story of the Bhopal tragedy one of the great corporate and environmental scandals of the last half-century. It dramatises the dependence of the local community on the chemical plant that will eventually cause catastrophe and the series of oversights that led to an event that stands as a benchmark for corporate irresponsibility in the developing world.
258696 National Theatre Live’s 2010 broadcast of Alan Bennett’s acclaimed play The Habit of Art with Richard Griffiths Alex Jennings and Frances de la Tour returns to cinemas as part of the National Theatre's 50th anniversary celebrations.  Benjamin Britten sailing uncomfortably close to the wind with his new opera Death in Venice seeks advice from his former collaborator and friend W H Auden. During this imagined meeting their first for twenty-five years they are observed and interrupted by amongst others their future biographer and a young man from the local bus station.  Alan Bennett’s play is as much about the theatre as it is about poetry or music. It looks at the unsettling desires of two difficult men and at the ethics of biography. It reflects on growing old on creativity and inspiration and on persisting when all passion’s spent: ultimately on the habit of art.
"258884 Coco a Beijing modern girl wants to spend a romantic and fancy Christmas vacation in Osaka. However the place where she gets in is Shinsekai ( ""New World"" in English is an old neighbourhood located next to south Osaka city's downtown ""Minami "" area as known as one of the most poorest and dangerous area in Osaka.)When she arrives there she starts feeling regret and frustrated by the encounters and the landscapes which are far beyond her expectation. Suddenly she is involved in an incident surrounds a Chinese family there meanwhile she starts fascinated by Shinsekai through her wondering. In this short and unusual Christmas vacation Coco discovers a ""Japan "" she never knows and a ""China"" that she is not familiar with."
258889 Chandani wants to become a Mahout as her father. Her father decides to give her a chance and gives her responsibility for an elephant calf. Chandani is a girl in a male profession. Everyone doubts her abilities. The ranger Mohammed becomes her only supporter and shows her the world of elephants in the jungle. Here they save an elephant baby from its death. Strengthened by this she makes progress in the work with her little elephant Kandula. But when Kandula is taken away from her also her path changes.
"258893 The mystery begins when Shaggy and Scooby win tickets to ""WrestleMania"" and convince the crew to go with them to WWE City. But this city harbors a spooky secret - a ghastly Ghost Bear holds the town in his terrifying grip! To protect the coveted WWE Championship Title the gang gets help from WWE Superstars like John Cena Triple H Sin Cara Brodus Clay AJ Lee The Miz and Kane. Watch Scooby and the gang grapple with solving this case before it's too late."
259117 Knowing the past changes the future. Seeking a connection to her heritage Rebecca Hoffman sets out on a journey of discovery following the deaths of her adoptive parents. She finds that connection with her birth family in the Navajo community. But cultures clash when her husband is rejected as an outsider. Rebecca and her family experience rebirth in a rich culture and renewal as a family in this dramatic film based on the autobiography Looking for Lost Bird by Yvette Melanson (with Claire Safran).
259611 After crossing the border illegally for work Miguel a hard-working father and devoted husband finds himself wrongfully accused of murdering a former sheriff’s wife. After learning of his imprisonment Miguel’s pregnant wife tries to come to his aid and lands in the hands of corrupt coyotes who hold her for ransom. Dissatisfied with the police department’s investigation the former sheriff tries to uncover the truth about his wife’s death and discovers disturbing evidence that will destroy one family’s future or tear another’s apart.
259676 Based on a true incident Innocent is the compelling tale of five disparate lives that become inextricably entangled one cold Chicago morning. Told in real-time Helix is America's first action crime drama ever to be shoot in one continuous take without any edits. Ashley a beautiful young woman is abducted by two desperate urban youths. A street dweller witnessing the dramatic events is torn between becoming involved and remaining silent. Completing the cast of characters is a corrupt cop who too late realizes the devastating implications of his self-serving motives. The non-stop thriller designed to be both gripping and thought-provoking taps the themes of individual choice courage survival loss of innocence and redemption.
259807 SNIPERS: BULLETPROOF deconstructs and analyzes the little known sniper events that have occurred when no other course of action was possible. The people who planned the takedowns or pulled the trigger share their techniques and bring to light the many factors that had to be considered in each mission: terrain wind speed temperature elevation changes... all are critical to taking out targets considered bulletproof. A sniper has one chance one breath to rise to the occasion and save the day... if they miss there may never be another opportunity. As these never told before stories unfold the viewer also learns about the high tech gear each sniper carries on their classified missions.
260202 The second movie in David Hare's Johnny Worricker trilogy. Loose-limbed spy Johnny Worricker last seen whistleblowing at MI5 in Page Eight has a new life. He is hiding out in Ray-Bans on the Caribbean islands of the title eating lobster and calling himself Tom Eliot (he’s a poet at heart). We’re drawn into his world and his predicament when Christopher Walken strolls in as a shadowy American who claims to know Johnny. The encounter forces him into the company of some ambiguous American businessmen who claim to be on the islands for a conference on the global financial crisis. When one of them falls in the sea their financial PR seems to know more than she's letting on. Worricker soon learns the extent of their shady activities and he must act quickly to survive when links to British prime minister Alec Beasley come to light.
260233 Jalanan is the captivating story of Boni Ho and Titi - three gifted charismatic bus musicians in Jakarta - and through them a mostly unknown story of contemporary Indonesia. Jalanan intimately portrays the young musicians' quirky sub-culture while also painting an alarming portrait of Indonesia's frenzied capital city that is raw humorous and brutally honest. Jalanan accompanies the three characters as they perform songs of social angst get caught in political unrest face family crises and get locked up by police. It follows them to their distant home villages in Java and traces their elusive heartfelt quest for identity and love in an adopted city rapidly being overrun by the effects of globalization. A powerful soundtrack of the musicians' original compositions drives the film.
260453 Few movements in music have gained as much critical mass as house music. Pump Up The Volume: A History of House Music is a fantastic 2001 documentary about one of the biggest music groundswells in history which began in basements and ended up at the forefront of pop culture. The film traces house music from its early days as New York disco to its takeover of Europe’s dance scene through fascinating interviews with the people who propelled the movement and rare footage of the clubs where it came of age.
260538 Boing We'll Do It Live! is the first live album of The Aristocrats released on December 10 2012. Footage and sound for this release were recorded in two concerts held at Alvas Showroom in Los Angeles California. During those concerts the band played material from their debut album as well as songs from each band members' solo projects. The album was released on double-CD and DVD. The deluxe edition consists of both the DVD and the two CDs including two bonus tracks not featured on standard editions.
"260684 There are athletes with a career that not only manages to bring them to the top of their field but has the ability to reveal the complexities of the world of sports. A perfect example is the boxer Sergio ""Maravilla"" Martinez who despite being one of the rampaging fighters in his class had to give up his championship title and leave it in the hands of Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. son of the Mexican boxing legend. How a true champion gets his crown his honor back? How to defend their dignity against corruption of sport's mercantilism?"
"260745 In Sicily in a time not yet forgotten in the heart of a small secluded town populated by cicadas ticks and venomous snakes that which made a man a real man was not riches or power but his honor. He had to defend his dignity against insults and village gossip. It took little to stoke the fire once lit and no one was immune. One of the worst humiliations a man can suffer was to have an adulterous wife. A man so disgraced would bear the mark of shame with all eyes of the community upon him. It was said that ""his horns were sticking out"" for all to see."
260796 Rodrigo returns to his childhood home of Salamanca after a four-decade absence and a career as a guerrilla in Latin America a secret agent in the Eastern Bloc and an official for an international agency. While Rodrigo may have attempted to put his past life behind him the memory of his now deceased mother and his old-world family returns to haunt him. In an old city dominated by the weight of tradition Rodrigo discovers a daughter about whose existence he had never known as well as a grand-daughter the enigmatic and beautiful Octavia. A rebellious teenager Octavia dismisses her grandfather's old politics possessing her own sense of what freedom means. Patino's film is a poetic assured contemplation on the pain of returning somewhere you never really left and the accompanying ironies of a man obsessed with history who cannot face his own.
261009 When Ariel was just 33 his legs were shredded by an industrial dough mixer in Mendoza Argentina. He became a living embodiment of the ongoing duel between man and machine. From that point on he began to rediscover the meaning of freedom: to rebuild his broken identity keep his family together and design his own prosthetic legs. Following Ariel for 10 years from the time of the accident director Laura Bari has created an intimate and metaphorical portrait of Ariel’s newfound transhumanity juxtaposing his daily life with dreamlike inner worlds—and pushing the boundary between the real and the imaginary.
261038 Just 60 miles north of New York City sits the poverty-stricken town of Newburgh where in 2009 four men were arrested for a plan to bomb two Jewish centers in the Bronx. But their leader a suspicious Pakistani businessman planted by the government as an informant led these men straight into the hands of the authorities. With endless footage gathered from hidden cameras directors David Heilbroner and Kate Davis investigate just what homegrown terrorism truly means in this shocking and galvanizing exposé.
261080 The event was headlined by the anticipated rematch between mixed martial arts legends Maurķcio Rua and Dan Henderson. Henderson won their first encounter back in November 2011 at UFC 139 via unanimous decision in a bout lauded by many MMA pundits as the Fight of the Year for 2011 and one of the best bouts in the history of the UFC.  The co-main event featuree a long-planned bout between Cezar Ferreira and C.B. Dollaway. The two were originally scheduled to meet on May 18 2013 at UFC on FX 8. However both Dollaway and Ferreira had been forced from the bout due to injury.
261136 In the film Bitter Bread by Grigoris Grigoriou many people may have wondered who the actor was who played the silent role of the Lord. It was in fact the Cypriot actor Nicos Pantelides the father of Cypriot theater. In the documentary Our Lovely Nicos his life and work are presented in a poetic way through narrations dramatic scenes and historical documents. At the same time we watch the birth and life of Cypriot theater from the first era of its creation until its maturity against a backdrop of the major historical events that have taken place in Cyprus over the years
261165 A film about three children at odds with themselves and the world around them at a time when more and more are being diagnosed with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Victor is seven. He hates ADHD believing it’s something to do with his club feet. Martine is quick to become withdrawn and struggles with uncontrollable rage when things do not go her way. For the most part Marino keeps to himself but easily becomes aggressive. Victor Martine and Marino are in a special class in a normal school in Denmark. The class teachers and the children’s parents decide to take part in an alternative treatment project focusing on the individual child’s challenges and possibilities rather than relying on medical diagnosis and medication. The film follows the whole process and shows how the children make great strides over the course of a year as the adults around them start to see each individual child in a new light
261179 Twelve individuals who think they are competing for a million dollars on a New Reality TV Show are drugged beaten trapped and chained in a chamber room far below the earth buried under the ashes of a slaughterhouse that burned to the ground in the 1930s. When the chamber doors open the twelve contestants are soon faced with their worst fears when they realize that they have not just been kidnapped but that they are being used in the Devils Ritual held by his Fallen Angels the Guardians Waylon Reavis and Jeff Hatrix who brutally torture and dismember their victims one by one using their bodies to create an altar for the Devil to open the gates and unleash hell on earth by the date 12-21-2012.
261282 Life with the Dicebag is an in-depth documentary about role-playing games and the people who play them. Filmmaker Mason Booker travels across the country and into Gen Con's final year in Milwaukee to find out who the people are behind the games and what about role-playing has transformed it from a pastime into a complete subculture. By including original animation and interviews with Gary Gygax Chris Clark Tony D and Brom Life with the Dicebag overviews what role-playing is all about yet it still stays close to the heart of the industry: the devotion of its loyal fans.
261375 Colin an ambitious young American businessman has a deal with a potential client a rich Arab sheikh who is a passionate pigeon fancier. The sheikh has tried several times to buy a champion pigeon but the owner continues to stubbornly refuse his offer. In an attempt to gain the trust of the Sheikh Colin offers him a deal: if he manages to convince the owner to sell the champion pigeon the sheikh will agree to do business with Colin's company. But when Colin meets Jos the grumpy owner of the pigeon and Isabella his granddaughter he realizes that this mission will not be as easy as he had hoped.
261602 Directed by Caradog W. James and based on the play 'Flesh and Blood' by Helen Griffin 'Little White Lies' deals with the paranoia of racism the politics of hate and how these things threaten to tear one family apart. The father is an armchair politician who never leaves the house the daughter has a new boyfriend that she won't bring home to meet her parents and the son has just become an active member of the BNP. The only person in the family trying to hold it all together is the mother who just wants everyone to get along.
261768 Estranged from his family Jonathan (Hedlund) discovers his father has decided to take himself off life support in forty-eight hours’ time. During this intensely condensed period a lifetime of drama plays out. Robert (Jenkins) fights a zero sum game to reclaim all that his illness stole from his family. A debate rages on patients’ rights and what it truly means to be free. Jonathan reconciles with his father reconnects with his mother (Archer) sister (Brown-Findlay) and his love (Adams) and reclaims his voice through two unlikely catalysts – a young wise-beyond-her-years patient (Barden) and a no-nonsense nurse (Hudson). Through this intensely life affirming prism an unexpected and powerful journey of love laughter and forgiveness unfolds.
261814 Emerging from the Detroit music scene of the 1970s in a flurry of long hair and sequins Alice Cooper restored hard rock with a sense of showmanship while simultaneously striking fear into the hearts of Middle America with the chicken-slaughtering dead-baby-eating theatrics that would cement his identity as a glam metal icon. Meticulously crafted from rare archival footage Super Duper Alice Cooper tells the story of the man behind the makeup Vincent Furnier the son of a preacher who got caught in the grip of his own monster.
261906 When Khosrow Vaziri became the World Wrestling Federations Iron Sheik and camel-clutched his way to fame in the 1980s he achieved the American Dream by personifying a foreign villain. Losing his world championship belt to Hulk Hogan became a defining moment in professional wrestling. These days the Sheiks smackdowns are on Twitter where hes gained a new following.  Once an Olympic hopeful bodyguard to Irans Shah and pop culture icon we witness Vaziri struggling with addiction and despair as a family man. But with the help of Torontos Magen brothers the Sheik begins a road to redemption and renewed status as a public figure.  Showcasing his powerful past and at times painful present this is an insightful look at one of wrestlings biggest stars but also a powerful story of personal sacrifice that in the Sheiks own words will make you humble.
262173 Ema finds out she is pregnant with an unplanned child she's not sure she wants to keep the same week her beloved grandmother becomes gravely ill. Spending her last days at her grandmother's side Ema is forced to spend time with her estranged larger than life mother getting to know her and seeing her with new eyes. As she spends time with the people gathered around her grandmother in her last days; Ema re-evaluates her beliefs her fears and her set ideas about family love and parenthood.
262221 Has Matthew been wasting his life? He’s 29 years old with 4 memberships at adult video stores 55 tapes of compiled porn and absolutely nothing to show for it: no girlfriend no ambition only a big stack of porn.  Run Run It's Him is the true to life story of what happens when man stays too long in his apartment having sex with himself. It is also a funny honest and optimistic look at the way porn affects people’s lives in the 21st century.
262390 After two decades of filming weddings Doug had long wondered what became of those couples.. Are they still together? Is married life what they thought it would be? How have they navigated the inevitable ups and downs of marriage over the long haul? Driven by deep curiosity to answer these questions he begins to track down and interview his wedding couples juxtaposing wedding day flashbacks with present-day reality as he explores themes of love and marital commitment and to ask them all the same question: After years of being married what would be your advice be for a young couple soon to be married?
262584 The puppeteers performers and magicians of the Kathputli colony in Delhi are the last slum-dweller–artists of their kind. When their land is sold to high-rise developers they must fight for the only home they know. Fending off relocation they struggle to keep their mystical Indian folk arts alive and to conserve what beauty remains as they are forced into someone else’s vision of the future. Tomorrow We Disappear is not just documentation but ultimately becomes an extraordinary act of preservation. In Hindi with subtitles.
262904 Kidnapped For Christ tells the shocking stories of American teenagers who were taken from their homes and shipped to Escuela Caribe an American-run Christian behavior modification program in the Dominican Republic. The film centers on David a straight-A student who was sent to Escuela Caribe because he is gay and his parents can't deal with the situation. When a young evangelical filmmaker is granted unprecedented access to film behind the gates of this controversial school she discovers shocking secrets and young students that change her life.
262938 In the all-new original 22 minute episode Scooby-Doo! and the Spooky Scarecrow Scooby-Doo and the rest of the ghost-busting gang visit a quiet farm town where everyone prepares for the annual Halloween harvest celebration. Of course things are not as quiet as they seem since the town's creepy cornfield is plagued by a scarecrow brought to life by a witch's curse! Will our always-hungry heroes Scooby-Doo and Shaggy be able to stop gulping down goodies long enough to solve this mystery?
263587 Trapped in his favorite restaurant during the worst snow storm in Chicago history Jelly Dinotto a lovable misfit mobster has one night to escape the family business and win the heart of Megan the woman of his dreams.  The problem? Jelly and his trigger-happy cousin Nick discover that two underachieving detectives are also trapped in the restaurant with a warrant for their arrest.  Sparks soon begin to fly pistols light up and the power in the restaurant goes out. Sanity is restored as Megan mysteriously finds herself in charge with the only remaining loaded gun.  As the snow continues to fall Jelly must ultimately choose between the life he knows and the woman he loves in this engaging dark romantic mobster comedy.
263614 Virunga in the Democratic Republic of the Congo is Africa’s oldest national park a UNESCO world heritage site and a contested ground among insurgencies seeking to topple the government that see untold profits in the land. Among this ongoing power struggle Virunga also happens to be the last natural habitat for the critically endangered mountain gorilla. The only thing standing in the way of the forces closing in around the gorillas: a handful of passionate park rangers and journalists fighting to secure the park’s borders and expose the corruption of its enemies. Filled with shocking footage and anchored by the surprisingly deep and gentle characters of the gorillas themselves Virunga is a galvanizing call to action around an ongoing political and environmental crisis in the Congo.
263911 Jack is straight off the plane. He has few friends and no money. In desperation he accepts an apartment formerly housed by the main suspect in a serial murder case - John Ellroy. Plagued by insomnia Jack broods in the apartment and wanders the inner-city streets of Melbourne. His loneliness leads him into a friendship with a teenage addict Janie and into a bizarre obsession with Ellroy. Jack struggles to retain his sanity as his world spirals into madness and violence.
264068 Before the advent of modern-day pornography a vast and rapidly-paced world of smut peddling was the norm complete with its own secret history. This documentary reveals the untold story of American cinema's gloriously sordid cinematic past. Starting in the 1920s expert exploiteer David F. Friedman and Henenlotter navigate us through more than five salacious decades of skin flicks. It's the true story of dirty movies traced in elegant detail from the bizarre locations where these nudie shorts were screened to the ongoing legal battles fought by their promoters. And of course there are the stories of the innovators themselves people who often risked their own security and livelihood to make these films believing in some way that what they were doing wasn't a 'bad' thing - and that it could rake in some dough.
"264166 At first glance Matthew VanDyke—a shy Baltimore native with a sheltered upbringing and a tormenting OCD diagnosis—is the last person you’d imagine on the front lines of the 2011 Libyan revolution. But after finishing grad school and escaping the U.S. for ""a crash course in manhood"" a winding path leads him just there. Motorcycling across North Africa and the Middle East and spending time as an embedded journalist in Iraq Matthew lands in Libya forming an unexpected kinship with a group of young men who transform his life. Matthew joins his friends in the rebel army against Gaddafi taking up arms (and a camera). Along the way he is captured and held in solitary confinement for six terrifying months."
264416 An underground but mighty river links the cities of Carrara in Tuscany and Barre in Vermont. It is a river through which flow art history and memory. But above all it is a river that carries with it the tragic epic of an entire community of emigrants from all over Europe engaged in the everlasting and titanic struggle against stone. A river that rises from the quarries of the Apuan Alps where Michelangelo used to go to obtain the blocks of marble for his masterpieces. And that finds its outlet in the American state of Vermont amidst dramatic social battles and deaths by freezing amidst the sorrow of emigration and the splendor of the art of sculpture amidst anarchic utopia hope and tragedy.
264595 A theatre usher looks for love and finds it in a library book. A cop chases a killer only to wind up at the end of her own gun. A pulp-romance writer confuses fact with fiction and learns that true love comes only after a great loss. The stories that flows from this ebb of desire to find true love leads us various stories that will be amalgam of time space consequences and fact and fiction often are not easily identifiable.
264656 When three women living on the edge of the American frontier are driven mad by harsh pioneer life the task of saving them falls to the pious independent-minded Mary Bee Cuddy. Transporting the women by covered wagon to Iowa she soon realizes just how daunting the journey will be and employs a low-life drifter George Briggs to join her. The unlikely pair and the three women head east where a waiting minister and his wife have offered to take the women in. But the group first must traverse the harsh Nebraska Territories marked by stark beauty psychological peril and constant threat.
264734 JOSEPH REX is a common businessman who lives life quietly risk free and overly out of shape. When a rival business associate dares him to enter an amateur boxing contest JOSEPH REX decides to change his life. With a help of a few friends FRANK a heartbroken writer and JAKE a trainer who knows zero about boxing the quest to change a man once and for all begins. Getting in shape has never been this ludicrous and heartwarming. This hilarious situational comedy leaves you hanging on the ropes with sweaty excitement sexy adventures and life lessons to tell your grandkids about. Written by One More Round LLC
264829 Best known as the lead singer/songwriter and guitarist for Creedence Clearwater Revival rock legend and Grammy winner John Fogerty has made a phenomenal contribution to American music for decades. CCR released 13 hit singles in just five years and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993. On his newest solo release Revival Fogerty incorporates all the best elements of an unforgettable career of authentic rock and roll. Revival features Fogerty’s signature southern growl and blistering guitar work. On this episode of Soundstage Fogerty presents fan favorites “Bad Moon Rising” “Born on the Bayou” and “Proud Mary.”
264923 This innovative and spectacular 3-part series shows how examples from nature can make human beings and their machines faster smarter and more efficiently. Whether in ice deserts under thousands of meters of water or on the highest mountains in Order to survive animals need the conceivable best toughest and most sophisticated equipment. Over the past three and a half billion years of evolution always had it develop new more crafty plans and recipes. When we observe people's nature therefore we find many of our own toughest technical problems already solved. We just have to look closely.
265307 At the birth of two boys one white and one black a mysterious and powerful Conjure Woman (Maya Angelou) prophesies that they will start the change. Growing up as best friends in rural Georgia in the 1940s the boys make a discovery that leads the town's new sheriff Frank Richards (Dean Cain) to reopen the investigation of the unsolved murders of three black men. While the town would prefer that the truth remain hidden the sheriff pursues the case determined to see justice prevail. The Runaway is a stirring story of how friendship determination and conviction can generate racial change in one heart or an entire town.
265349 Blackfella Charlie is getting older and he's out of sorts. The intervention is making life more difficult on his remote community what with the proper policing of whitefella laws that don't generally make much sense and Charlie's kin and ken seeming more interested in going along with things than doing anything about it. So Charlie takes off to live the old way but in doing so sets off a chain of events in his life that has him return to his community chastened and somewhat the wiser.
265646 In an unfair country women work day and night far from home while their children learn to survive between loneliness and emptiness. They grow to become teenagers locked down in one of many low income neighborhoods made up of identical small houses outlined by overcrowding and scarcity. Their mothers mostly workers in transnational factories go in and out in buses that take them to a work place where they carry out twelve hour shifts two hours away from home while their children muddle through their upbringing in tiny houses of 40 square meters. In spite of everything they look for a way to move ahead and chase their illusions. This is a story full of youthful aspirations set in a context of difficulties and shortages.
"265889 Aloha Everybody!  Are you ready for waves of laughter and adventure?  Then put on your floaties grab your boogie boards and jump in!  Its the hottest day of the year - even Goofy's chicken noodle ice cream cone has melted into soup!  So Mickey and his pals are cooling off at Star Lake.  Pate's hosting a Hawaiian Luau and it just might be the best beach bash ever but only if YOU can help the gang pick the right mouseketools to get the party started.  You'll ride a tide of fun with Mickey as you reel in a big red Gooey fish float above the clouds with Pluto in a giant soap bubble and help Donald rescue a flock of lost ducks.  Filled with music excitement and magical surprises Mickey's Big Splash will make you shout ""MOUSEKA-BUNGA!"""
"265943 A global theater menu with music  by and with the GRIPS youth club ""Banda Agita""  What is really in our food in it - and what's behind it? The youth club has in its theatrical research laboratory with the origin production and consumption of food in the global context. All are centered on eating and eaten. An artistic exploration of morality convention ignorance and the everyday ""good"" and ""bad"" eating habits.  A cooperation between the GRIPS Works Association and the GRIPS Theater Berlin | sponsored by ""Children in Need - Foundation for the support of children in need in Germany""."
265950 What to do if a classmate is imprisoned for a demo visit in custody? What to do if the school forbids discussion? There is only one: Camping in the schoolyard!  But what begins as a utopia of more democracy and participation comes to a head more and more and brings all to their limits. In addition to the challenge of mastering the common Protst everyday all are forced to position themselves and to make personal sacrifices. When the camp is to be evacuated it turns for each the question: How far would you go?
266056 Through an oral history format of in-depth interviews and archival footage RIOT ON THE DANCE FLOOR bring to life the gritty story of City Gardens one of New Jersey’s most infamous clubs and its larger than life promoter Randy Now. Featuring the stark and iconic photography of Thrasher Magazine’s Ken Salerno the film chronicles the rise of several different music scenes in a venue for underground music that traversed the entertainment spectrum; from the comedy of Henny Youngman to Nine Inch Nails New Order to Nirvana. It is the story of musical champions underdogs and how hoards of misfit kids found an unlikely home and above all the freedom and liberation of having complete creative control. - IFF Boston
266246 Four-time Emmy winner John Kastner was granted unprecedented access to the Brockville facility for 18 months allowing 46 patients and 75 staff to share their experiences with stunning frankness. The result is two remarkable documentaries: the first NCR: Not Criminally Responsible premiered at Hot Docs in the spring of 2013 and follows the story of a violent patient released into the community. The second film Out of Mind Out of Sight returns to the Brockville Mental Health Centre to profile four patients two men and two women as they struggle to gain control over their lives so they can return to a society that often fears and demonizes them.
266442 Iverson is the ultimate legacy of NBA legend Allen Iverson who rose from a childhood of crushing poverty in Hampton Virginia to become an 11-time NBA All-Star and universally recognized icon of his sport. Off the court his audacious rejection of conservative NBA convention and unapologetic embrace of hip hop culture sent shockwaves throughout the league and influenced an entire generation. Told largely in Iverson's own words the film charts the career highs and lows of one of the most distinctive and accomplished figures the sport of basketball has ever seen.
266686 HALF THE ROAD is a documentary film that explores the world of women's professional cycling focusing on both the love of sport and the pressing issues of inequity that modern-day female riders face in a male-dominated sport. With footage from some of the world's best races to interviews with Olympians world champs rookies coaches managers officials doctors and even the U.S. Surgeon General HALF THE ROAD offers a unique insight into the drive dedication and passion it takes for a female cyclist to thrive despite oppression. Both on and off the bike the voices and advocates of women's pro cycling take the audience on a journey of enlightenment depth strength love humor and best of all change and growth.
266764 Finding love is never easy. For Ravi Patel a first generation Indian-American the odds are slim. His ideal bride is beautiful smart funny family-oriented kind and—in keeping with tradition—Indian (though hopefully raised in the US). Oh and her last name should be Patel because in India Patels usually marry other Patels. And so at 30 Ravi decides to break up with his American girlfriend (the one who by all accounts is perfect for him except for her red hair and American name) and embark on a worldwide search for another Patel longing to be loved. He enlists the help of his matchmaker mother attends a convention of Patels living in the US and travels to wedding season in India. Witty honest and heartfelt this comedy explores the questions with which we all struggle: What is love? What is happiness? And how in the world do we go about finding them?
266808 Alexis is an explosive personality passionate about life humanity nature love and beauty. That is until the breakneck rhythm intensity stress and convolutions of career and economic success shatter him alienating him from everyone and everything he loves: even his children and his soul mate Maria. Alexis is jolted back to reality when the unbridled greed of the multinational conglomerate his company is involved in causes an unprecedented ecological catastrophe costing many human lives. The multinational's Golden Boy suddenly realizes that he is nothing more than a cog in the machine he had fought so passionately against in his youth. He is determined to rediscover himself to reclaim his soul to rebuild the dream with Maria - but he is completely trapped. He is caught in a web of intrigue that tightens like a vice driving him to an inevitably lethal conflict with the conglomerate.
266998 A MusiCares Tribute to Bruce Springsteen is a concert video set to be released on DVD Blu-ray and Digital Download on March 25 2014.[1] It was filmed in 2013 at the MusiCares Person of the Year ceremony to honor and pay tribute to musician Bruce Springsteen for his artistic achievement in the music industry and dedication to philanthropy. The ceremony was hosted by Jon Stewart and features many performance by musicians who have long been fans and admirers of Springsteen's body of work. Springsteen and the E Street Band concluded the ceremony with their own performance.
267091 The exploding cork. Endless tiny bubbles floating up and up in the glass. An indulgence. A celebration. A seduction. A triumph. This is the essence of Champagne isn’t it?  But it’s not just bubbles in a glass that makes the wine or the mystique. Only sparkling wine produced within the boundaries of the Champagne region is truly “Champagne.” At first glance the region is not an obvious source of romance. Champagne’s history is grim and bloody swept by war and destruction from Attila the Hun to the filthy trenches of WWI and the Nazi depredations of WWII. The environment for winemaking is desperately hard — northerly latitude chalky soil copious rain frost rot. Yet it’s these difficulties that help make the wine unique.
267156 This spectacular live concert sees Toto celebrating their 35th Anniversary at the Atlas Arena in Lodz Poland during their 2013 World Tour. The show epitomises the combination of craft heart and drive that has been Toto s trademark throughout their career in a set packed with hits and classic album tracks. The individual band members have played on many of the best known and most successful records in history but when they come together as Toto they create music that is uniquely special. This is Toto at their very best.
"267283 It was love at first sight for beautiful young lawyer Sandra ""Sunday"" O'Brien-Parker (Rachel Blanchard) and Henry Parker (Cameron Mathison) retiring White House Secretary of State when Sunday's dad Danny (Jack Wagner) Henry's colleague and Secret Service Agent introduced them at the picturesque Why Worry Ranch in California. Now a year after their wedding Sunday and Parker living on the ranch near Lake Tahoe after Parker's recent term as beloved state governor are an irresistible sleuthing team who enjoy the political spotlight while taking pleasure busting the bad guys. But when Parker's mom Miriam (Janet-Laine Green) and Danny are suddenly kidnapped on their way to a high-profile family event Parker and Sunday are immediately on the case and this time it's personal."
267292 The world is facing a “pandemic” of chronic disease – heart disease diabetes cancer obesity asthma kidney and liver disease Alzheimer’s autoimmune diseases allergies and skin conditions and many many more. This year more than 36 million people will die from degenerative conditions – more than from all other causes put together* and that number is expected to rise to over 50 million within 15 years. At the same time the amount spent trying to treat these diseases with pharmaceutical drugs is expected to rise by 50% to more than $1.2 trillion!  One summer Jason Vale took eight people who collectively suffered from 22 different chronic diseases and put them on his ‘Juice Only’ diet for 28 days. Could these different diseases with their many different prescribed drugs be improved and even cured by one thing? Maybe it’s time to get Super Juiced!
267359 Ruth a housewife in a suburb of Jerusalem divided into two parts appears as pliable as Play-Doh. While she should be taking care of her ten-year-old daughter and the household her routine is falling apart and she is falling further into depression. Israel is just before the outbreak of the Six-Day War in 1967. The historical events echo in the lives of the characters only from a great distance. The female characters within the family wage a more important battle for their own identity. The director intentionally chose the parallel stories of three female protagonists: ten-year-old Michal who is just starting to acknowledge her sexuality a single university student and Ruth a trapped housewife.
"267433 Kevin Spacey Sam Mendes and the Bridge Project Company go on the road in NOW: in the Wings on a World Stage. In over 200 performances and across 3 continents Kevin and the troupe reveal some of the most intimate moments behind the scenes of their staging of Shakespeare's classic tragedy ""Richard III."" Their story and experiences weave around and reflect on excerpts from the play from their various locations from Epidaurus to Doha and provides a great opportunity for those who have never experienced Spacey on stage to witness his immerse and captivating interpretation of Richard III. NOW chronicles the first collaboration between Spacey and Mendes since both won Academy Awards® for their work on American Beauty."
267550 Drama-documentary about Winston Churchill's extraordinary experiences during the Great War with intimate letters to his wife Clementine allowing the story to be told largely in his own words. Just 39 and at the peak of his powers running the Royal Navy Churchill in 1914 dreamt of Napoleonic glory but suffered a catastrophic fall into disgrace and humiliation over the Dardanelles disaster.  The film follows his road to redemption beginning in the trenches of Flanders in 1916 revealing how he became the 'godfather' of the tank and his forgotten contribution to final victory in 1918 as Minister of Munitions. Dark political intrigue a passionate love story and remarkable military adventures on land sea and air combine to show how the Churchill of 1940 was shaped and forged by his experience of the First World War.
267831 In this sequel to the award-winning You’ve Been Trumped director Anthony Baxter once again follows American billionaire Donald Trump and a cast of other greedy characters who want to turn some of the Earth’s most precious places into golf courses and playgrounds for the super rich. From the historic site of Dubrovnik to the ancient sand dunes and rolling green hills of the seaside town of Balmedie these tycoons bully local residents influence governments ignore local referendums and even meddle in national environmental policies to acquire their latest trophies. With in-depth interviews and Baxter’s expert storytelling we learn just how devastating these golf courses can be to the surrounding countryside and water tables. In this funny inspiring and at times heartbreaking David and Goliath story for the 21st century the locals don’t give in easily. But will their fight be enough to protect their land and traditional way of life?
"267854 Volume 5 feeds your need for speed - and animated insanity - as our the combative competitive and comedic cat and mouse crank things up in classic battle form. Tom becomes a ""Jerry Buster"" at a Monster Convention using Van Helsing's box of ghostly gadgets a Bigfoot hunter in another outrageous outing tracking down a silly Sasquatch a lifeguard-in-training with deadpanning co-star Droopy and a sneaky surfer who rubs one ornery shark the wrong way all to Jerry's delight. With 12 totally terrific cartoons on tap let the fun times roll."
267857 While Phineas and Ferb do it all to make every day the best day ever evil lurks just around the corner! But there is hope for the unsuspecting citizens of Danville. Now for the very first time we crack open the top-secret archives of O.W.C.A. (Organization Without a Cool Acronym) to expose... The Perry Files ! Join Perry the Platypus–a.k.a. Agent P.–on his most exciting adventures as he thwarts his nemesis Dr. Doofenshmirtz at every turn. With groovy gadgets mad skills and his trademark brown fedora this semi-aquatic egg-layin’ mammal of action is unstoppable! Experience the hilarious havoc as he defends the Tristate Area against Doof’s “inators” battles rogue agent “Dennis the Bunny” and much more. When it comes to secret agents Perry’s not only the real deal he’s real teal!
267935 The BFG is no ordinary bone-crunching giant. He is far too nice and jumbly. It's lucky for Sophie that he is. Had she been carried off in the middle of the night by the Bloodbottler or any of the other giants—rather than the BFG—she would have soon become breakfast. When Sophie hears that the giants are flush-bunking off to England to swollomp a few nice little chiddlers she decides she must stop them once and for all. And the BFG is going to help her!
268030 From a Mess to the Masses follows four friends and their eight loyal team members on their quest to find meaning in our chaotic world through music. The journey is an abstract and emotional ride. It highlights the need for constant movement artistically and historically in order to remain anchored amidst the surrounding disorder. Through their story their words and the music they have created together From a Mess to the Masses uncovers the beauty of the creative process and its incredible power to bring people together.
268143 Before it was a movie it was a theatrical phenomenon! When Helen learns that her husband is leaving her for her best friend the women in her family are ready with advice. Her devout mother preaches strength and forgiveness while her parolee grandmother shows up with a gun! Acclaimed African-American playwright Tyler Perry dares to mix sacred and secular humor with riotous results. Experience his most famous morality tale now a major motion picture in its original stage format...complete with live musical numbers!
268171 After his daughter persuades him to move into a new apartment aged widower Fred strikes up a friendship with his eccentric 74-year-old neighbour Elsa who convinces him it's never too late to keep enjoying life. Although he seemed resigned to a miserable bedridden existence Fred embraces Elsa's youthful enthusiasm as she introduces him to the path of life and entertains him with outlandish stories about her past life. But when he discovers Elsa's terminally ill Fred decides to accompany her on the trip of her dreams to the eternal city of Rome to help her fulfil a lifelong ambition.
268272 Louis Ortiz a down on his luck 40-something Puerto Rican resident of the Bronx looks in the mirror one day and believes he’s found gold—he’s a dead ringer for Barack Obama. With visions of finally living the American Dream the charismatic Ortiz launches a complete makeover. He dons Obama’s trademark suit adopts his mannerisms mimics his voice and steps out onto the street as a presidential impersonator. Taken on by a casting agent Ortiz and a gang of other political impersonators including a Bill Clinton and a Mitt Romney hit the road during the run-up to the 2012 presidential election to perform satirical debates for mostly Republican conventions throwing Ortiz into conflict with his personal political beliefs. As Ortiz struggles to make ends meet the distance between the White House and the Bronx becomes increasingly acute. The life of a president isn’t always as easy as it looks.
268386 RAGAMUFFIN is based on the true story of Rich Mullins a musical prodigy who rose to Christian music fame and fortune only to walk away and live on a Navajo reservation.  An artistic genius raised on a tree farm in Indiana by a weathered callous father Rich wrestled all of his life with the brokenness and crippling insecurity born of his childhood.  A lover of Jesus and a rebel in the church Rich refused to let his struggles with alcoholism addiction and women tear him away from a God he was determined to love.  As he struggled with success in Nashville depression in Wichita and oblivion in the Four Corners Rich became one of the first of his time to live honestly amidst a culture of religion and conformity.
268394 An explicit thriller detailing the feasibility of producing and distributing snuff films which are still only considered to be an urban legend. Driven mad by his failure to sell a profitable film to the porn industry a director decides to create authentic snuff films with the assistance of two teenage runaways and a perverted cameraman. When the films bring in a profit through an amateur internet production company they begin to see the film industry for what it really is: a world of backstabbing and double crosses. The group of twisted filmmakers then extract their own form of graphic revenge on the very people who made them successful.
268396 A story of cops hookers killers and pimps; all centered around one sleazy night in the late 1980's. A cocaine addicted homicide detective (Jake Norvell) is brought out of suspension in order to trail a local prostitute (Bianca Queen) who may become the next victim of The Scalper (Nick Foster) a serial killer who preys on the city's hookers. Meanwhile her burnt out pimp (Brad Jones) attempts to get out of the business while finding it harder to protect his girls from both the killer and from an abusive rival pimp (Buford Stowers).
"268755 ""Music for Mandela"" explores the role music played in the extraordinary life of one of the world's most important icons. From Nelson Mandela's imprisonment to his release to the present day celebrations of his legacy the music born out of his inspirational journey is commented on by his closest friends former exiled musicians current international artists and community volunteers who use music today to motivate and educate. Combining striking visuals with freedom songs pop music and hip hop ""Music for Mandela"" is a stirring tribute to the man himself and to the ultimate power of music."
"268868 THE HIT GIRL tells the story of a hit man named Bill who while on a mission encounters a magical statue that transforms him into a teenage girl. Renamed Jessica by his timid movie quoting niece Suzy 'she' must now rely on Suzy's help in dealing with both the problems that come with being a teenage girl and completing 'her' latest assignment. A job made that much more difficult now that Jessica stands at 4'11"" and weighs under a hundred pounds. How will she be able survive a gang of armed gunmen when she now finds herself being easily bullied by a group of catty teenage girls? Will Bill ever get his life back or will 'she' be stuck as Jessica forever?"
268872 At 35 Andrés leads a quiet life; he lives in Mexico City and has a girlfriend he plans to marry. His only relative is his mother Clara who came to Mexico fleeing from the Spanish dictatorship years ago. One day by chance Andrés finds out he has a grandfather who lives in a village in Galicia. This news causes such an emotional response in him that he decides to leave everything and travel to Spain to reconstruct his own past and meet Justino his grandfather.
"269100 From executive producer Zach Braff and director Jeremy Snead ""Video Games: The Movie"" is an epic feature length documentary chronicling the meteoric rise of video games from nerd niche to multi-billion dollar industry. Narrated by Sean Astin and featuring in-depth interviews with the godfathers who started it all the icons of game design and the geek gurus who are leading us into the future ""Video Games: The Movie"" is a celebration of gaming from Atari to Xbox and an eye-opening look at what lies ahead."
269236 The film traces the journey of Stephanie Nyombayire a young Rwandan anti-genocide activist who teams up with Sir Martin Gilbert the renowned Holocaust historian to travel across 15 countries and three continents interviewing survivors and descendants of the diplomats who rescued tens of thousands of Jews from the unspeakable horrors of the Nazi death camps. While Nyombayire embarks upon this quest in an effort to uncover potential solutions for the ongoing genocide in Darfur and elsewhere what emerges from their journey is more a testament to the ways in which the inherent good in the human spirit can trump institutional evil no matter what the circumstance.
269278 Giselle is the quintessential Romantic ballet. Its title role one of the most technically demanding and emotionally challenging in the classical repertory is here danced by Alina Cojocaru partnered by Johan Kobborg as Count Albrecht. This tale of the transcendental power of love over death is evocatively portrayed through Peter Wright’s sensitive staging and John Macfarlane’s designs which beautifully contrast the human and supernatural worlds – mastered from a High Definition recording and true surround sound.  Conductor : Boris Gruzin  Orchestra :  The Orchestra of the Royal Opera House
"269369 Having co-written and starred in the hilarious Channel 4 series Phoenix Nights with Peter Kay Dave Spikey is best known for his role as the club’s long-suffering compere Jerry ""The Saint"" St. Clair. Also a comedian actor writer and presenter Dave is a British comedy award winner having previously won the prestigious Perrier Award at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival and the title of North-West Comedian of the Year.  Filmed in front of a live audience at the Leeds Music Varieties Theatre Dave keeps the audience in hysterics with his down-to-earth observations about everything from the difference between Northerners and Southerners to memory loss fashion for old men badly written obituaries and ducks doing cabaret!"
269506 Payback (2014) took place on June 1 2014 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont Illinois. It was the second event under the Payback chronology with the event having originated in 2013.  There were two main events with the first main event featuring John Cena versus Bray Wyatt in a Last Man Standing Match. The second match faced Evolution (Triple H Randy Orton and Batista) against The Shield (Roman Reigns Seth Rollins and Dean Ambrose) in a No Holds Barred six-man tag team elimination match.  Other matches included Bad News Barrett defending the IC Title against RVD the debut of Bo Dallas against Kofi Kingston Big E vs Rusev Cody Rhodes and Goldust vs Rybaxel and Cesaro defending the US Title against Sheamus.
269595 It tells the story of Niebla who died in a shootout with the police and whose ghost comes back to help change Francisco´s fate a 10 years old boy. Francisco´s father Basilio an abusive and violent thief adored and feared by his son destroys his mother and brothers when he takes out his frustrations at home. The ghost protects Francisco from his father´s violence and handholds him threw his first love with Roxana who has her own story of abuse. Feeling protected Francisco is able to face his oppression.
269602 19 years old Neve sees women out of focus - but he can see them properly when they are recorded on magnetic tape or film. This is why he wears a special pair of camera-glasses which recording every single moment of his life allow him to see everything correctly. His life actually becoming one of the movies he has been watching since he was a child. Until the day he meets the one and only woman he can see at naked eye.
269997 Davide is different from the other teenagers. Something makes him look like a girl. Davide is fourteen when he runs away from home. His intuition leads him to choose Villa Bellini a park in Catania as a refuge. The park is a world in itself a world of the marginalized to which the rest of the city turns a blind eye. But one day the past catches up and Davide has to face the most difficult choice this time alone.
270050 Mary is married to Ernest a successful businessman who devotes all his time managing the business he inherited from his family. Therefore he spends little time with Mary to the extent that she suspects he has a mistress. Isabel is married to Adolfo Doctor of Philosophy and Letters UNAM graduated best friend of Ernesto. Patricia is passionate about esotericism; she believes in past life regressions. Isabel and Patricia are concerned about the marital status of Mary and to distract her convince her to do a regression through hypnosis the problem is when the hypnotist can not make her come back and they find Mary speaking a strange language claiming to be a Basque princess of the XIV century.
270064 Artie is pure bred trailer trash. He has zero ambition is everyone's favorite punching back at school and bears the burden of his virginity in silence. And then April moves out of the state. She's his best friend and support since kindergarten and the love of his life. Three years later Artie finally has the courage to take to the road and go see April to tell her how he feels about her. One car-crash later Artie wakes up in the middle of the zombie apocalypse. But this time he's not going to hide. Artie's love for April doesn't give him wings but does give him the courage to hack slash punch and kick himself a part towards the girl he loves. Time is of the essence because that bite on his hand will make the difference between a French kiss and a bite out of April's brains.
270163 Muhammad Yunus Nobel Peace prize winner is known in the whole world as the banker of the poor because he pioneered and tested a funding system in Bangladesh: by lending little sums of money to the less well-off with no interest and returning it by installments gained with their work people are able to get free from extreme misery. Thus what can happen if three boys just graduated who live in Naples try to import this funding system that subverts every economic rule?
270173 Charlie Bradford an aspiring filmmaker in his 30s is doing the best he can to distance himself from the chaos of his childhood home. But his eccentric mother Linda a compulsive hoarder who suffers from depression punctuated by spells of manic consumption has a tendency to keep the people and things she loves close at hand. Charlie's younger sisters still live at home with Linda: Lisa the older of the two has a history of petty theft and works as a home healthcare aid and Penny who is trying to overcome her agonizing shyness is starting a a new career as a home stager in a beleaguered real estate market.
270380 Transforming Harry Potter’s fictional competition into a physically demanding real-life sport quidditch has secured its place as one of the fastest growing collegiate club sports today. MUDBLOODS follows the resilient underdogs of the UCLA Quidditch team as they make their way to the Fifth Annual Quidditch World Cup in New York City. Through nail biting victories and losses the dreamers creators and athletes who make up this exceptional community come together to make this magical sport into something you could’ve never imagined until now.
270653 In 2008 Brooklyn has become a breeding ground for chaos and criminal elements such as the mafia and gang lords. NYPD Detectives Christopher Perez and Steve Clarkson will work together as partners trying to restore order and balance back to the streets of Brooklyn. A new figure has emerged in the drug world. A ruthless character named Peskin) leader of a group of men bent on control of all of New York City. Willing to do anything to achieve this goal Peskin sets out on a war against local gangs mafia leaders and the NYPD themselves. Clarkson and Perez must work together with federal agencies and criminals to bring forth an end to this psychopath's terror.
270718 Throughout world history great civilizations have survived and extended their rule through dependence on great infrastructures. Rome had its roads and aqueducts. The Mayans had their pyramids and palaces. But what happens when society neglects its infrastructure? Right now the U.S. infrastructure is collapsing and it impacts every single person in this country. In the first half of the 20th century our bridges highways tunnels dams levees ports water and gas pipelines were built during the greatest age of construction the world had ever seen. But now these steel and concrete achievements are deteriorating. More than 70000 of our nation's bridges are rated structurally deficient. Massive grid failures have left millions in the dark. 25000 miles of commercial navigable waterways and locks have exceeded their 50-year design life. Everything from dilapidated levees to pipelines to railroads is past their expiration date.
270753 THE AMERICAN NURSE is a heart-warming film that explores some of the biggest issues facing America - aging war poverty prisons - through the work and lives of nurses. It is an examination of real people that will change how we think about nurses and how we wrestle with the challenges of healing America. THE AMERICAN NURSE is an important contribution to America's ongoing conversation about what it means to care. The film follows the paths of five nurses in various practice specialties including Jason Short as he drives up a rugged creek to reach a home-bound cancer patient in Appalachia. Tonia Faust who runs a prison hospice program where inmates serving life sentences care for their fellow inmates as they're dying. Naomi Cross as she coaches an ovarian cancer survivor through the Caesarean delivery of her son. Sister Stephen a nun who runs a nursing home filled with goats sheep llamas and chickens where the entire nursing staff comes together to sing for a dying resident.
271217 Swan Lake performance featuring Agnes Letestu Jose Martinez Karl Paquette and Muriel Halle  The story is adapted from an old Russian folk tale. Princess Odette (Gillian Murphy) is captured by the evil sorcerer Rathbart (Isaac Stappas) and cursed to be changed into a swan. Young Prince Siegfried (Angel Corolla) is being pressured by his mother (Georgina Parkinson) to find a bride. Irritated he runs out into the woods and finds Swan Lake where Odette has become queen of the swans. He learns that only by someone swearing eternal love to her can the spell be broken and he does so. At a ball numerous princesses are paraded before the prince who shows little interest. But when Rathbart in human form (Marcelo Gomes) arrives with his daughter Odile (Murphy) enchanted to resemble Odette Siegfried is deceived. Swearing love to Odile and betraying Odette he may have condemned her to spend the rest of her life as a swan.
271597 The Collective Evolution 2 The Human Experience is a documentary focused on showing each of the dimensions to the experience we call life. The documentary does this by addressing exactly who we all are and why we are here. It further delves into each of the key pieces that make up the human puzzle namely the planet the body and the ego. The documentary concludes by addressing the shift in consciousness that has already begun and continues to intensify on the planet. It's intention is to further provide the viewer with the tools and understanding it needs to step out of current limitations and instead experience the infinite potentiality we are all capable of.
271601 The Collective Evolution III is a powerful documentary that explores a revolutionary shift affecting every aspect of our planet. As the shift hits the fan people are becoming more aware of the control structures that prevent us from experiencing our full potential. CE3 uses a different level of consciousness and scientific facts to bring clarity about the shift while dispelling myths about our true nature. It offers practical steps that we can implement right now to transition out of survival mode and into our more natural state of peace and co-operation . CE3 includes fascinating interviews with revolutionary speakers and people who are already opting out of the current socioeconomic system. The film examines hidden technologies and exciting alternatives for a bright limitless future.
271674 France 1940. In the first days of occupation beautiful Lucile Angellier is trapped in a stifled existence with her controlling mother-in-law as they both await news of her husband: a prisoner of war. Parisian refugees start to pour into their small town soon followed by a regiment of German soldiers who take up residence in the villagers' own homes. Lucile initially tries to ignore Bruno von Falk the handsome and refined German officer staying with them. But soon a powerful love draws them together and leads them into the tragedy of war.
"271751 On Moscow the Keith Emerson Band includes ace session guitarist vocalist and composer Marc Bonilla (who's toured before with Toy Matinee) bassist Travis Davis and drummer Tony Pia who while currently a member of the Doobie Brothers has also played with Edgar Winter and Brain Setzer. The program features numerous Emerson Lake & Palmer nuggets (including a 35-plus-minute ""Tarkus"") some brief Emerson originals (film cues from his soundtrack work) a pair of Bonilla pieces and two co-writes between Bonilla and Emerson. Filmed August 2008 at Central House of Cinema Russia."
271878 1. Stand Up And Shout 2. Strange Highways 3. Don't Talk To Strangers 4. Evilution 5. Pain 6. The Mob Rules 7. Children Of The Sea 8. Holy Diver 9. Heaven And Hell 10. Man On The Silver Mountain 11. Drum Solo 12. Heaven And Hell (Reprise) 13. Jesus Mary And The Holy Ghost 14. Hollywood Black 15. The Last In Line 16. Rainbow In The Dark 17. We Rock  Filmed at London s Hammersmith Apollo on 12th December 1993 this previously unreleased concert film captures the then newly reformed Dio on the last night of their European tour in support of the Strange Highways album.The band delivered a blistering performance of tracks from their new album previous Dio classics and favourites from Ronnie s career with Black Sabbath and Rainbow. So take a ride on Strange Highways and be blown away by one of the greatest rock bands of all time.
272119 The beautiful Aurora is cursed into everlasting sleep by an evil witch for a crime she didn't commit. The brave Commander of the Guard William embarks on a quest inspired by both love and loyalty to free the doomed princess. He travels into the dark forest where he encounters a friendly elf that helps him on his quest a dangerous wizard with no love for royalty or evil a deadly assassin and a ravenous creature that preys on human flesh before the final confrontation that will determine Aurora's fate.
272452 Road trips have never been this killer! Jason Priestley stars as Breakfast a psychotic jewelry store thief whose grip on reality is frighteningly precarious. With his accomplice Panda the duo make off with a carload of cash a result of a tip-off from beautiful cashier Ziggy. Her reward: to hitch a ride with the out-of-control duo so that she can meet her long-lost father Francis. But Breakfast is on a suicidal quest to even a score with his former boss and has the cops hot on his trail. Rage murder and revenge are about to collide!
272548 What if Apollo 11 never actually made it? What if in reality Stanley Kubrick secretly shot the famous images of the moon landing in a studio working for the US administration? This is the premise of a totally plausible conspiracy theory that takes us to swinging sixties London where a stubborn CIA agent will never find Kubrick but is forced to team up with a lousy manager of a seedy rock band to develop the biggest con of all time.
272602 Sam a soldier who had served in Afghanistan and Iraq meets Amira when he visits her uncle Bassam who had served as Sam's Iraqi translator. Bassam and Sam have a special bond due to their time together in the war. Initially Amira does not trust him because he was an American soldier and her brother was killed by a bomb from American troops in the war. Sam's cousin Charlie asks Sam to help him with illegal hedge funds unbeknownst to Sam at the time. Amira is staying with her uncle Bassam since her father died. She sells bootlegged films on the street corner but is forced to stay with Sam after getting busted; immigration officials begin pursuing her. As the film progresses Sam and Amira fall in love.
272692 The film tells the story of documentary filmmaker Michael King (Shane Johnson) who doesn’t believe in God or the Devil. Following the sudden death of his wife Michael decides to make his next film about the search for the existence of the supernatural making himself the center of the experiment – allowing demonologists necromancers and various practitioners of the occult to try the deepest and darkest spells and rituals they can find on him – in the hopes that when they fail he’ll once and for all have proof that religion spiritualism and the paranormal are nothing more than myth. But something does happen. An evil and horrifying force has taken over Michael King. And it will not let him go.
272777 Georgiana Halmac is turning 15 this winter but she has no time for teenage dreams when her mother who's on unemployment moves to Torino to find work. Georgiana is left in charge of her six siblings in a social housing condo on the outskirts of Bacau Romania. Caught between adolescence and the responsibilities of adulthood Georgiana does the best she can improvising with parenting advice from the television and the occasional phone call with her mother.  As she handles her own issues and high-school dramas Georgiana must also deal with admonishing neighbours who threaten to turn the whole family into social services. With incredible calm and stoicism Georgiana amazes as she holds everything together in an ingenious and delicate balance.
272778 Thule Greenland also called Qaanaaqis one of the northernmost towns in the world. As the climate warms and the ice caps begin to melt the gentle balance of life for the people of this community is in jeopardy. On the other side of the globe the melting ice caps are raising sea levels around the Polynesian island nation of Tuvalu threatening to wipe the island right off the map. Though a world apart these two communities are intricately connected as environmental balance begins to tip and traditional ways of life are threatened.  'ThuleTuvalu' is a stunning documentary addressing the high price of a hundred years of development and how two very different communities are now bound together in facing an uncertain future.
272793 Bots High is an exciting documentary following the adventures of three high school robotics teams battling for first place at a national robotics competition in Miami Florida. It's a no-holds-barred fight to the death with robot carnage everywhere you look. Genius inventor Will builds robots so powerful they're unstoppable...if only they don't destroy themselves first. The Mechanical Misfits are an all girls team stumbling through their first foray into combat robotics and Elizabeth and Danielle are a formidable pair looking to reign supreme during their last year of high school. Bots High follows these students as they design build and compete at Nationals - all while surviving high school first love and teenager procrastination. A FilmBuff Presentation.
272802 A stunning debut by Australian director Kasimir Burgess Fell is an entrancing and enigmatic drama - a dreamlike visually resplendent tale of nature revenge and redemption. While on a camping trip Thomas' only daughter Lara is killed by a logging truck in a hit-and-run accident for which the driver Luke serves a prison sentence. Stricken with grief Thomas sheds his urban life and his identity and moves to the remote town where Lara was killed. There he takes on a new name Chris and finds work as a logger.
"273106 The stage musical Peter Pan starring Cathy Rigby has toured the world to great acclaim. An adaptation of the famous 1954 musical directed by Jerome Robbins and starring Mary Martin this new version is lasting proof that J.M. Barrie's tale of the boy who would never grow up is one of the kingpins of family entertainment. All the elements are in good form for this video production shot at the Mirada Theater in 2000 for the A&E Network. Some new songs have been added to the fabulous Moose Charlap-Carolyn Leigh score (which includes ""Tender Shepherd"" ""I Gotta Crow"" ""I'm Flying"" and ""I Won't Grow Up""). But the biggest asset to this production are the spectacular flying sequences: Peter even soars over the audience at times. Martin was a stronger actress in a close-up but Rigby is magical with her athleticism and spark most notably in a percussion-filled song and dance number ""Ugh-a-Wug.""."
273135 A troubled young black teenager Maxine rescues an eccentric old lady Eve from an unhappy slap by a mixed-race gang of teens and is rewarded for her act of kindness with the gift of a terrible secret: how to make and operate a WISHBABY. With Eve's help Maxine gives life to a magic doll and sets out to solve her current problems inadvertently releasing Eve's dead Governess from her astral prison and unleashing a storm of supernatural activity. Her older brother Colin is gradually drawn into the dangerous situation created by the 'Little King' and must finally face his own mother in a brutal fight to the death.
273221 Dra. Baby Holmes is a veterenarian who left her long time boyfriend after she discovered he has been deceiving her. Realizing that her biological clock is ticking fast she desperately searches for the perfect guy who will mary her.  Roberto “BOY” Reye is a single fireman with a son born out of wedluck. Generous to a fault Boy is considered a small town hero. Every time someone needs help the entire neighbourhood runs to him.  By chance Baby saves Boy’s life and to show his gratitude he offers her anything in return She then asks Boy to give her a child. Boy thinks she’s just joking but Baby is dead serious.  However Boy discovered that he is beginning to love Baby and her many quirks. Unable to bear the guilt Baby suddenly leaves him.
273245 As clichés go in 1999 the World as we knew it was about to change - and we'd been expecting it. Since childhood we'd been promised that the 21st century would bring us dramatic new technologies like flying cars and Utopian cities. Instead it bought us the smart-phone social media and virtual societies. And as it turns out these technologies began to transform society almost as dramatically as the moon colonies we'd been expecting.  Now over a decade into the revolution 'DSKNECTD' explores how digital communication technology is profoundly changing the way we interact and experience each other - for the good and for the bad.
273266 Four children from a mountain village are convinced by the oldest of them to take a difficult journey through the steppe to the railroad which lies on the path of the ancient Great Silk Road. A train hurries by the children. The different destinies of the grown-ups on the train pass by in front of the kids. There is an artist supplementing his income by doing drawings on the train. His railcar is taken over by a group of hooligans and they throw the artist out of the train. The philosophical beginning and the end meet: the thrown out artist and children trying to get on the train. The oldest child rushes after the artist and begs to take him along. The rest of the children return home with an old shepherd.
273460 The renowned orchestra presents the world's biggest annual classical open air concert live from their hometown Vienna Austria on Thursday May 29th 2014.  The Summer Night Concert with the Vienna Philharmonic is an annual open-air event that takes place in the magical setting of the Schönbrunn Palace Park in Vienna with the palace as a magnificent backdrop. Everyone is invited to come to this unique occasion with free admission. Each year up to 100000 people can take up the invitation or enjoy on radio and TV in over 60 countries.
273510 A young woman in her late teens a reader of novels and with high hopes of romance and passion marries a widowed country doctor. Although he dotes on her she is soon bored and discontent. First she gives her imagination to a law student in town and next she takes a lover. When he refuses to run away with her she takes up again with the law clerk. Her spending on dresses and furnishings mounts; these debts and her ill-advised professional counsel to her husband bring his ruin.
273599 Steven Ray was never quite normal. But when tragedy strikes in the form of a deadly hit-and-run incident at a city cross walk his violent and bizarre behavior becomes uncontrollable. One night as Steven plots his next murder he meets Percival whose unsuccessful attempt at suicide not only interferes with Stevens plans but the chance encounter also introduces the two into each others sad and lonely lives.  Percival believes hes cursed after miraculously surviving each suicide attempt and concludes fate brought he and Steven together. So he hires Steven to assist him in suicide. Steven does not believe in fate and thinks Percival is desperate and delusional. But he accepts the offer. Easy money.  After Percival continues to miraculously survive each attempt on his life Steven starts to believe. He tries to help Percival figure out ways to break the curse. And in the process they form an unlikely friendship through the common bond of tragedy.
273781 Chuck Close an astounding portrait of one of the world's leading contemporary painters was one of two parting gifts (her second is a film on Louise Bourgeois) from Marion Cajori a filmmaker who died recently and before her time. With editing completed by filmmaker Ken Kobland Chuck Close lives the life and work of a man who has reinvented portraiture. Close photographs his subjects blows up the image to gigantic proportions divides it into a detailed grid and then uses a complex set of colors and patterning to reconstruct each face.
273820 WELCOME TO THE ALAMO DRAFTHOUSE CINEMA the most awesome post-modern hot spot for exploitation movie revival deep in the heart of Texas! Home to world-famous events such as The Quentin Tarantino Film Fest Fantastic Fest and Butt-Numb-A-Thon the Alamo is one of the last places on earth where you can still see grindhouse classics such as THE DEVIL WITHIN HER and MAD MONKEY KUNG FU. Now the Alamo has opened their vaults for a peek at some of the most outrageous cinematic gems from several golden ages of sleaze cinema. Digitally re-mastered in high-definition from the actual reels that show every week at the Alamo this exciting edition of the 42ND STREET FOREVER series is the most bizarre the most terrifying and the most hilarious one yet!
273999 Documentary - Eighteen years in the making two-headed cow started off as a black and white film that followed Dexter Romweber and his drummer Crow on a rock and roll tour along the same route as General Sherman. The film was not finished due to many circumstances but the filmmakers were able to resume the film seventeen years later. After major TV appearances a stint on a major label bouts of depression and drug addiction the film took on a different tone and poignancy. -  Neko Case Exene Cervenka LaResh Crash
274117 This ninety-minute film takes audiences on an epic journey across nine countries and over 1400 years of history. It explores themes such as the Word Space Ornament Color and Water and presents the stories behind many great masterworks of Islamic Art and Architecture.  Narrated by Academy Award winning performer Susan Sarandon this dazzling documentary reveals the variety and diversity of Islamic art. It provides a window into Islamic culture and brings broad insights to the enduring themes that have propelled human history and fueled the rise of world civilization over the centuries
274386 After crossing into the U.S. with no family to speak of young Cecilia finds herself in the charge of Francisco a lonely Cuban immigrant long separated from his own family. Francisco operates a way station for border crossers on the outskirts of Lake Los Angeles a surreal desiccated lakebed in the California desert. While he copes with the alienation of living alone in a foreign land and the impossibility of realizing the American dream Cecilia aimlessly wanders the dusty landscape accompanied only by her fantastical imagination and distant memories of motherly love.
274651 British historian David Irving scripted this two-hour video special based on his book Hitler’s War. Researching writing and revising this book he spent many years privately interviewing members of Hitler’s staff and his generals. When it appeared in 1977 it was an instant best-seller. This film version was broadcast many times on PBS in North America and in countries around the world including Israel.  Combining Irving’s script with the film and newsreel footage of the time the Edinburgh film company Lamancha closely collaborated with the author in the production of this film.
275087 Germįn Cipriano Gómez Valdés Castillo a young radio announcer from Cuidad Juįrez succeeds in drawing attention to the pachuco movement through his character Tin Tan laying the groundwork for a new form of binational and mass linguistic expression: Spanglish. He soon became a leading figure in theater and film on the American Continent. Singled out by critics as a destroyer of the language he quickly won the approval of the public. His ability to improvise revolutionized the film industry. His talent as an actor singer dancer and comedian contributed to the Golden Age of Mexican Cinema. From El Hijo Desobediente to Capitįn Mantarraya from Cuidad Juįrez to Havana from mambo to rock the legacy of Tin Tan makes him one of the great icons of Mexico today. This film tells his story as it has never been told before.
275298 Private's big heart overcomes his instinct to flee as he helps a stranded young leopard seal get from New York back to her home in Antarctica. The rest of the team (plus stowaway King Julien) follow in their submarine to make sure the young seal and Private make it in one piece. Problem is they should have been looking out for themselves - they end up on the menu at the leopard seal village!  Episodes include: Operation: Antarctica The Falcon And The Snowjob The Big Squeeze Driven To The Brink Snakehead Concrete Jungle Survival and Work Order.
275301 Emmy Ferguson is a 10-year old who learns that after a long bout with leukemia today is probably her last day on earth. Chris Ryan is a 35-year-old drug addict who is determined to make this his last day. And Adonna Frost suffering from advanced breast cancer has made a similar decision about the end of her life.  They are all strangers to each other but as Emmy embarks on a strange journey and as the day's events bring these three dying people together through Emmy's unique point of view their lives are changed forever.
"275355 Memphis is set in the places where rock and roll was born in the 1950s: the seedy nightclubs radio stations and recording studios of the musically-rich Tennessee city. With an original score it tells the fictional story of DJ Huey Calhoun a good ole' local boy with a passion for R&B music and Felicia Farrell an up-and-coming black singer that he meets one fateful night on Beale Street. Despite the objections of their loved ones (Huey's close-minded mama and Felicia's cautious brother a club owner) they embark on a dangerous affair. As their careers rise the relationship is challenged by personal ambition and the pressures of an outside world unable to accept their love. Originally shown in select theatres then broadcast as an episode of the PBS series ""Great Performances"" (season 39 episode 11)."
275616 The ballroom dancing the world recognizes today is competitive ballroom dance sometimes known as dancesport. It is comprised of ten dances which can all be danced in “closed ballroom” hold. The style danced in BURN THE FLOOR is called “international style” and has been danced in competition since 1920. International style ballroom dance consists of ten dances split into five Latin American dances and five ballroom dances (standard). Each BURN THE FLOOR dancer has spent a lifetime training to compete against other dance couples. This show allows the dancers to demonstrate their love and passion for their art.
275721 The Proper Care & Feeding of an American Messiah' is the mockumentary story of a man who thinks he is a messiah. Not *the* messiah but rather a local regionally selected messiah for his own home-town. He's on a quest desperately trying to raise money for a town-wide rally where he hopes to announce his deity - and to determine his true god-given 'special purpose' in life - which may or may not have something to do with ailments of the lower gastrointestinal tract but he won't be sure until he hears more or less directly from Yahweh.
276139 From his humble beginnings in his hometown of Sheffield England Steve Peat has established himself as one of the worlds most iconic cyclists. Peaty has been competing at the top level in his chosen sport of downhill mountain bike racing for the past 23 years longer than the lifetime of many of his current competitors. Through 20 years of archival footage and photos and intimate interviews with Steve his family close friends and competitors Won’t Back Down takes viewers on a captivating tour of the history of the sport of downhill mountain bike racing and offers a never-before-seen view into the life and legacy of this enduring icon.
276305 Brian Owens was once a prominent professor of quantum mechanics until an accident stripped him of his credentials; he now teaches at a community college. In order to reclaim his stature he is trying to build the world's first teleportation machine in his garage at night. All of this while being romantically pursued by one of the art professors at the college avoiding the crazy old lady next door and being harassed by the loan sharks he borrowed money from to build his machine. But his biggest problem is he can't get his machine to work.﻿​
276504 Celebration in a country of basketball. Lithuania probably the only country in the world where basketball is routinely described as a religion hosts the most important basketball event of the year - the European basketball championship or EuroBasket 2011. The biggest nation's pride Lithuania's national basketball team has a long winning tradition. The entire Lithuania is waiting only for the gold. However the team's star player Linas Kleiza has suffered a serious injury and will not be playing for the championship.
276527 In August 2012 mineworkers in one of South Africa’s biggest platinum mines began a wildcat strike for better wages. Six days later the police used live ammunition to brutally suppress the strike killing 34 and injuring many more. Using the point of view of the Marikana miners Miners Shot Down follows the strike from day one showing the courageous but isolated fight waged by a group of low-paid workers against the combined forces of the mining company Lonmin the ANC government and their allies in the National Union of Mineworkers.
276537 The 1960s was an extraordinary time for the United States. Unburdened by post-war reparations Americans were preoccupied with other developments like NASA the game-changing space programme that put Neil Armstrong on the moon. Yet it was astronauts like Eugene Cernan who paved the uneven perilous path to lunar exploration. A test pilot who lived to court danger he was recruited along with 14 other men in a secretive process that saw them become the closest of friends and adversaries. In this intensely competitive environment Cernan was one of only three men who was sent twice to the moon with his second trip also being NASA’s final lunar mission. As he looks back at what he loved and lost during the eight years in Houston an incomparably eventful life emerges into view. Director Mark Craig crafts a quietly epic biography that combines the rare insight of the surviving former astronauts with archival footage and otherworldly moonscapes.
276542 In the changing political climate of South Africa a revolution is taking place as artists musicians and designers tackle issues of politics race and history. This newest film by director Petter Ringbom follows some of the most recognized artists in South Africa today exploring what it means to live and work in the new democracy. Artist Brett Murray’s painted caricature of South African president Jacob Zuma results in a lawsuit and death threats. Photographer and activist Zanele Muholi’s work exposes hate crimes in the LGBT community. The Smarteez design collective creates international styles while running a free after-school program for kids. Musician Xander Ferreira of Gazelle parades on stage as a character based on an archetypal African dictator. Shield and Spear presents intimate stories about the artists art music identity race and freedom of expression in South Africa 20 years into democracy.
276614 As editor of The Sunday Times for fourteen years Sir Harold Evans proved to be the right man in the right place at the right time. In an investigative climate all too rare by today's standards Evans had the freedom and resources to allow teams of journalists to work on long-term projects including the exposure of Kim Philby as a Soviet spy. As Evans himself details in this stylish documentary his longest and most hard fought campaign was for the victims of Thalidomide. Originally developed by the Germans in World War II to counter effect sarin gas post-war the drug was blithely prescribed by British doctors as an antidote to morning sickness leading to tens of thousands of children born with serious defects. The Sunday Times' fight to win compensation for their struggling families would take more than a decade as Evans tenaciously pursued the drug companies through the English courts and beyond.
276615 Elijah Kane is not your average cop. As leader of an elite undercover police unit he has dedicated his entire life to the relentless pursuit of truth and justice. And he will stop at nothing in bringing down an enemy of the law. But someone has put a price on Kane’s head and wants him and his team of crime fighters brought down. Could it be the mysterious crime boss known only as the ghost? Could it be the Russian gangsters connected to a missing suitcase of deadly nukes? Or is it a double agent informant working within the CIA? One thing’s for sure when Elijah Kane finds out they better start saying their prayers.
"276657 ""1) Doctor Doctor (UFO song) [00:00] 2) Rising Mercury [03:52] 3) Moonchild [04:55] 4) Can I Play with Madness [10:47] 5) The Prisoner [14:25] 6) 2 Minutes to Midnight [20:45] 7) Revelations [27:57:00] 8) The Trooper [34:30:00] 9) The Number of the Beast [38:37:00] 10) Phantom of the Opera [44:03:00] 11) Run to the Hills [51:40:00] 12) Wasted Years [55:47:00] 13) Seventh Son of a Seventh Son [61:20:00] 14) Wrathchild [73:45:00] 15) Fear of the Dark [76:50:00] 16) Iron Maiden [84:24:00] 17) Aces High [91:17:00] 18) The Evil That Men Do (preceded by Happy Birthday to Nicko McBrain) [98:25:00] 19) Sanctuary [102:55:00]"""
276873 In this special Clarkson Hammond and May don’t just buy three knackered old lorries and drive miles through the beautiful landscapes of Burma. Oh dear no. They actually have to use their lorries to do something useful.  They have to build a real use able bridge over the River Kwai. On their way to the river they almost bring down Burma’s power supply encounter the world’s least relaxing truck stop race around the streets of a deserted capital saddle up a trio of unhelpful horses and attend a completely deranged party.
277216 In 1987 five young men using brutally honest rhymes and hardcore beats put their frustration and anger about life in the most dangerous place in America into the most powerful weapon they had: their music.  Taking us back to where it all began Straight Outta Compton tells the true story of how these cultural rebels—armed only with their lyrics swagger bravado and raw talent—stood up to the authorities that meant to keep them down and formed the world’s most dangerous group N.W.A.  And as they spoke the truth that no one had before and exposed life in the hood their voice ignited a social revolution that is still reverberating today.
277582 Nicholas Vreeland walked away from a worldly life of privilege to become a Tibetan Buddhist monk. Grandson of legendary Vogue editor Diana Vreeland and trained by Irving Penn to become a photographer Nicholas' life changed drastically upon meeting a Tibetan master one of the teachers of the Dalai Lama. Soon thereafter he gave up his glamorous life to live in a monastery in India where he studied Buddhism for fourteen years. In an ironic twist of fate Nicholas went back to photography to help his fellow monks rebuild their monastery. Recently the Dalai Lama appointed Nicholas as Abbot of the monastery making him the first Westerner in Tibetan Buddhist history to attain such a highly regarded position.
277618 1969. Man lands on the moon. Half a million strong at Woodstock....and Led Zeppelin perform in the gym of the Wheaton Youth Center in front of 50 confused teenagers. Or did they? Filmmaker Jeff Krulik chronicles an enduring Maryland legend of the very night this concert was alleged to have taken place January 20 1969 during the first Presidential Inauguration of Richard Nixon. Led Zeppelin Played Here presents a mid-Atlantic version of what was happening nationwide as the rock concert industry took shape. Featuring interviews with rock writers musicians and fans and several who claim they were witnessing history that night.
"277800 The band was the first time in 10 years with the complete original cast on stage including Ur-Backstreet Boy Kevin Richardson who was absent from the last tours. Nick Carter Howie Dorough Brian Littrell AJ McLean and Kevin Richardson known collectively as the BACKSTREET BOYS celebrating this year its 20th anniversary on stage. Founded in Orlando Florida in 1993 they can on countless hits like 'I Want It That Way' 'Everybody (Backstreets Back) ""and"" As Long As You Love Me' refer. More than 130 million albums sold worldwide and she brought her success to them on April 22 2013 a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame."
278020 This DVD is a complete and uncut recording of the final show of John Farnham’s “The Last Time” tour on June 15th 2003. It features over two hours of footage and contains all of Farnham’s classics including “You’re The Voice” “That’s Freedom” “Burn for you” “Pressure Down” and “Two Strong Hearts”. It even features a performance of the much loved “Sadie” a song John has not performed live for several years. This DVD also features a bonus documentary entitled “Under the big top” which chronicles John’s regional tour of Australia which started in Kalgoorlie last January and finished in Cairns in May this year. The sound is recorded in 5.1 Dolby Digital surround and the whole package is testament to the showmanship sheer mastery and professionalism of this much loved Australian.
278083 Eighty percent of women in US prisons today are mothers of school-age children. Filmmaker Jenifer McShane spent four years visiting Bedford Hills and following the women and their families. A mother herself Jenifer was drawn to the universal themes of motherhood and the staggering power of the mother-child relationship. In all walks of life mother and child care for each other. As we watch the mothers inside Bedford trying to become their better selves we see parts of our own selves - and that gives us all hope.
278102 Little Maurice Dumont lives with his mother in a village in the mountains. His twin brother Jacques died at birth. But Maurice told that he could speak with Jacques. The doctor Dr. Prevost and her husband who teaches at the local school are of the opinion that his mother's strict upbringing is not good for Maurice. One day they discover strange injuries on him. At the same time some women of the village plan to use Maurice's ability to communicate with the dead to contact their dead relatives. But this is not a good idea ...
278106 For the Plasma begins in a remote house on the coast of Maine where a young woman named Helen has found work as a forest-fire lookout responsible for monitoring the nearby woodland. While analyzing CCTV footage of the surrounding forest she discovers she can reconfigure her perception to predict shifts in global financial markets. But when her inquisitive and demanding friend Charlie arrives at the house Helen finds herself challenged and unsettled by her new colleague and the two girls’ relationship begins to unravel. From this cryptic premise grows a lo-fi mind-bender of intimate scale and startling relevance that flirts with sci-fi and horror conventions even as it subverts them. To the strains of an electronic score For the Plasma juxtaposes pastoral imagery with surveillance technology every shade and shadow captured in gorgeous 16mm.
278266 9/11: Heroes of the 88th Floor is an untold story of survival and bravery of those whose lives were impacted when Flight 11 struck the North Tower of the World Trade Center on September 11 2001. Centring on two men -- Frank DeMartini and Pablo Ortiz -- we hear the extraordinary story of how their remarkable acts of heroism selflessness and courage saved the lives of over 75 people and touched many more. We also hear from the survivors themselves their first-hand accounts of what it was like to be at the centre of this tragic day.  And through archival footage and dramatic recreations we relive their chilling moments of being stranded on the upper floors of the North Tower and their race against time to survive.
278299 My Accomplice is an off-beat comedy about falling in love set in Brighton featuring songs and live performances from local bands Transformer Bob Wants His Head Back and The Mountain Firework Company an ill-starred search for the village of Wivelsfield the personal politics of perestroika in the wider context of David Hassel-hoff apricot flapjacks abruptly unpredictable weather gathering evidence of a seagull conspiracy and a small cast of everyday eccentrics that usually don't make it into films: Bulgarians adults with learning disabilities very tall women and elective mutes. In a city of this many vulnerable adults Frank and Ilse might never have met.
278376 Ten-year-old Baba who has been mute since the death of his parents lives in a town in Malawi one of the poorest countries in the world. Placed in an orphanage he had run away when the director tried to sell him to Paula and her girlfriend two Europeans wanting to adopt a child. Since then he’s been living in the streets with Jo eleven both of them savvy to all the stratagems required for survival. The only thing that manages to draw Baba out of his silence and come into his own is music. One day a famous Malawi musician Ben Michael hears Baba playing and singing. Intrigued by his talent he tries to help him by suggesting he performs at a concert.
278535 This spectacular live concert filmed at London’s O2 using the latest Ultra High Definition 4K technology by renowned director Hamish Hamilton captures Peter Gabriel’s celebration of the 25th anniversary of his landmark album “So”. To mark the event Gabriel reunited his original “So” touring band from 1986/87 – Tony Levin David Rhodes David Sancious and Manu Katché - and for the very first time fans saw them play the multi-platinum selling album in its entirety. But the concert is much more than just a nostalgic trip down memory lane; delivering performances of new and even unfinished material alongside acoustic re-workings and a plentiful supply of classic favourites broken down into three sections. What Peter calls “the starter the savoury course and the dessert”.
279249 The Allman Brothers Band were initially not happy with the first two releases but they were able to fix the production mistakes only 40 years later. On April 29 a DVD will go on sale followed by an audio recording of the famous concerts in New York 5 years ago. Then on the Allman's favorite concert venue the Beacon Theater on March 26 2009 they completely played the material of the debut (1969) and subsequent (1970) records made under pressure from the producer in an undesirable sound for them. Now 15 tracks of the new DVD-CD-box are released in the form ... in which the public has known them for more than 40 years but in the presentation of a completely different group (of the same name).  40: A very special number and this DVD proves why the Allman Brothers Band is a special group indeed. Savor every note of every song because chances are a band the likes of this one will not come our way again.
279264 Becca and Jason might save the world or destroy it. The husband-and-wife design team have created “Your Friends Close” a video game which forces you to choose between collaboration and backstabbing in a high stakes multi-player competition. At a party celebrating the sale of their game a sudden betrayal creates an opportunity for one close friend to share in their life-changing success. But at what cost? ﻿ A suspenseful intimate drama with dark comedic elements and a generous dash of science fiction.
"279393 From the Creator of Yoga and You Leah Bracknell has created another beautiful practice for all to enjoy young old beginners or more experienced practitioners. Leah guides you through these sequences: 1. Sun Salutations (5mins) 2. Inner Peace (26 mins) 3. Energy (28mins) 4. Pranayama- breathing exercise (4mins) 5. Guided Relaxation (10 mins) Filmed in the tranquil setting of Paradise Bay Turkey and set to an inspiring sountrack produced by Bhupinder Singh Chagger YOGA for LIFE is easy to follow yet challenging and will help to relieve stress leaving you feeling restored energised strong and invigorated """
279425 Anyone familiar with my ethos will know that I love being fit because it makes me feel so damn good! Jackie and Mark my trainers make getting fit and staying fit FUN and so that’s what this brand new programme is all about. There are four self-contained thirty minute workouts to keep you amused plus plenty of super cool music to keep you going.  Aerobics Fit – This is a brilliant non-stop fat-burning fest with lots of cool new moves.  Top Fit – Fabulous toning exercises for your bingo wings and other flabby bits up top.  Bottom Fit – Squat-tastic! This workout will help you to get gorgeous legs.  Kick Fit – Kick and punch your way to fitness it is therapeutic!  Yoga Stretch – Cool-down and elongate your muscles at the same time.
279634 The film is based on the novel by Romualdas Granauskas winner of the Lithuanian National Cultural and Arts Award and is the chronicle of a young man’s shifting relationships as he adjusts rather dramatically to the unfamiliarity of freedom.  The film will be shown in Lithuanian with English subtitles.  Duburys won the Silver Crane Award in Lithuania. It has been selected as Lithuania’s entry for this year’s Oscar nomination in the foreign language film category. Duburys was entered in the Montreal World Film Festival Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival and has been invited to Cairo International Film Festival and the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
"279677 On a rusting cargo ship in the South China Sea it's the young Polish captain's first command. His mutinous Chinese crew suspect him and his unscrupulous Boss of planning to scuttle the ship for an insurance scam. When the crew abandon ship the young captain is left alone on board helpless anchored in a bay. That night while waiting anxiously on deck he finds a naked body floating in the sea below tangled up in the ship's rope ladder. Pulling the ladder the captain discovers a Chinese woman in distress. She climbs on board saying only ""Hide me"". Dawn comes a few hours later and so does a search party looking for a murderer....."
279992 The story of the insane scandals related to the remake of “Island of Dr. Moreau” —originally a novel by H. G. Wells— which was brought to the big screen in 1996. How director Richard Stanley spent four years developing the project just to find an abrupt end to his work while leading actor Marlon Brando pulled the strings in the shadows. Now for the first time the living key players recount what really happened and why it all went so spectacularly wrong.
"280276 In the spring of 1984 a strange new comic book sat beside cash registers in select shops too big to fit in the racks and too weird to ignore. Eastman and Laird's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles presented a completely original breed of super hero. It was too bizarre too crazy. It broke all the rules and should never have worked. Until it sold out. Again and again and again. For 30 years. Now peek under the shell and see how this so-called ""happy accident"" defied every naysayer to become one of the most popular and beloved franchises in the world."
"280802 The title of Like the Deserts Miss the Rain comes from ""Missing"" the first of nine videos on this collection (and the band's biggest U.S. hit). While all could be described as ""stylish""--much like Everything But the Girl--they're otherwise quite different. Sometimes Tracey Thorne and Ben Watt appear; other times actors take center stage. ""Single"" for instance features a man tumbling across town: down the street into a Laundromat in and out of a dryer etc. Then there's the ""populist"" video for Simon and Garfunkel’s ""The Only Living Boy in New York"" directed by art house favorite Hal Hartley (Henry Fool). (The duo appears to have added a few dozen members.) The DVD also includes three live performances including a fine version of Massive Attack's ""Protection"" (featuring Thorne on vocals) and three demo tracks that play as photos of the duo pass by. A fine career overview of one of the U.K.'s most enduring acts. --Kathleen C. Fennessy"
280855 With nothing but partying and music on his mind Jake is forced to take a hard look at himself and the ashes around him after life and his singing career slowly falls apart. Jake's old flame BECCA suddenly reappears back in his life after seeing her again at a local music show. Good girl Becca never forgetting who Jake is makes him work for it only to fall for him again. His mother MIA harbors a painful secret- the father Jake thought was dead is alive. To protect Jake from the pain of knowing what his father BO had become after a horrible accident Mia thought it best if Jake believed BO was dead. Jake eventually has a -random- encounter with BO on the street in a Nashville suburb that sets off a chain of events to bring Bo back into his life and hopefully reconciliation to the family.
281175 FERN HILL is a coming of age story about four 13 year old boys who on a weekend in 1987 hike into the mountains of Colorado in search of a father and a lost plane. The unexplained mystery of Colin's father and his small Cesna that disappeared seven years ago compels him to find an answer or at least try. And true friends understand ... so together they leave. Adventure struggle fear and hope binds a story of real lives and leaves a healing memory of youth and redemption.
281347 Restore energy strength and balance every day with world-renowned yoga teacher Shiva Rea. Offering seven 20-minute practices this program will help you fit yoga into your busy life every day without having to repeat a workout.  Practicing yoga daily even for a short time can be more beneficial than a long intense practice once in a while. By tuning your workout to your needs each day you'll acquire balance composure and tranquility in your life. On a stressful day try one of the lunar programs for relaxation; when you need to be at your best opt for an energizing solar practice or put the two together to build stamina and sculpt long lean muscles.  With the customizable Yoga Matrix you can choose from more than two hours of yoga to create endless possibilities for longer practices. Open your heart ignite your inner fire and experience the transformative effects of daily yoga with one of the world’s most inspiring teachers.
281358 For the first time on DVD the Alpha Archives Collection proudly presents a two part feature length documentary celebrating the history of the Amicus Productions film company. Founded in the early 1960s by Americans Milton Subotsky and Max J. Rosenberg Amicus produced some classic (now cult) horror movies including Dr. Terror's House Of Horrors The House That Dripped Blood Tales From The Crypt Asylum and From Beyond The Grave.  Featuring interviews with key individuals who worked for Amicus (actors directors etc.) and with many rare photographs and production designs throughout this documentary is a must-see for fans of British horror cinema.
281532 From the outside looking in Reggie Brooks is just an average guy working as a fitness trainer in a neighborhood gym. His good looks have always worked to his benefit overshadowing the fact that he lives paycheck to paycheck struggling to make ends meet. After being notified that he has come into a lump sum of money years after his parents perished in the tragedy of 9/11 Reggie decides that it's best to keep his new multi-millionaire status under wraps. The only person who knows the truth about his bank account is Reggie's childhood friend Blake Montgomery. Tired of hearing his best friend whine about meeting a good woman Blake and his fun loving wife Piper challenge Reggie to go on a dating blitz in an attempt to find a wife in 30 days or less.
281754 The year 2013 marked the 40th Anniversary of the band Runrig. To celebrate this anniversary concerts were organised in Denmark and Germany as well as Scotland. This concert in Scotland took place on on Saturday  August 10th 2013 at he Black Isle Showground at Muir of Ord in the Highlands.  1. Introduction - 2. Only the Brave - 3. City of Lights - 4. Road Trip - 5. Big Sky - 6. May Morning - 7. Dance Called America - 8. Siol Ghorraidh - 9. The Engine Room - 10. Book of Golden Stories - 11. Every River - 12. Faileas Air an Airidh - 13. The Summer Walkers -  14. Dust - 15. An Sabhal Aig Neill - 16. Drum Section - 17. The Brolum - 18. The Cutter - 19. Edge of the World - 20. An Ubhal as Airde - 21. Rocket to the Moon - 22. Alba - 23. Pride of the Summer - 24. Skye - 25. Going Home - 26. Hearts of Olden Glory - 27. On the Edge - 28. Protect and Survive - 29. Clash of the Ash - 30. Loch Lomond - 31. And We'll Sing - 32. Travellers
281869 Joe and Bunnyman's adventure continue in a rural ghost town. Bunnyman's blood lust knows no bounds as he slaughters indiscriminately anything that crosses his path. Joe is all too happy to encourage his behavior selling the dead victims as beef jerky in his local store. In addition to Joe's body disposal problem the local sheriff becomes suspicious with the disappearance of a few of his deputies. His investigation crosses paths with two persistent sisters that refuse to die at the hands of Joe and Bunnyman. Some will live and some will die but all will be damaged..
281936 Villagelo Vinayakudu (English: Vinayakudu (Ganesh) in the Village) is a 2009 Telugu comedy film produced by Mahi written and directed by Sai Kiran Adivi. The film is a sequel to the 2008 hit Vinayakudu. Krishnudu reprises his role as Karthik in this film whilst Saranya Mohan plays the female lead and Rao Ramesh plays the role of her father. Telugu novel writer Yandamuri Veerendranath makes his acting debut in a small but vital role. The film was released on 5 November 2009 and received positive reviews.[citation needed] It faired well at the box office and ran for 75 days.
282012 A collection of the best short animated films from across the world curated by Mike Judge and Don Hertzfeldt.  This collection contains the shorts:  Welcome to the Show - by Don Hertzfeldt  Mt Head (Atama Yama) - by Koji Yamamura  Brother - by Adam Elliot  Parking - by Bill Plympton  The Adventures of Ricardo - by Corky Quakenbush  Moving Illustrations of Machines - by Jeremy Solterbeck  La Course A L'Abime - by Georges Schwizgebel  Billy's Balloon - by Don Hertzfeldt  Cousin - by Adam Elliot  Cathedral (Katedra) - by Tomek Baginski  Intermission in the 3rd Dimension - by Don Hertzfeldt  Fifty Percent Grey - by Ruari Robinson  Uncle - by Adam Elliot  Early Pencil Tests and Other Experiments - by Mike Judge  Aria - by Pjotr Sapegin  Bathtime in Clerkenwell - by Aleksy Budovski  The Rocks (Das Rad) - by Chris Stenner and Heidi Wittlinger  The End of the Show - by Don Hertzfeldt
282296 Mathias Gold is a down-on-his-luck New Yorker who inherits a Parisian apartment from his estranged father. But when he arrives in France to sell the vast domicile he's shocked to discover a live-in tenant who is not prepared to budge. His apartment is a viager—an ancient French real estate system with complex rules pertaining to its resale—and the feisty Englishwoman Mathilde Girard who has lived in the apartment with her daughter Chloé for many years can by contract collect monthly payments from Mathias until her death.
282447 Set in Belfast against the backdrop of the 1986 World Cup Shooting for Socrates tells the story of a momentous time in Northern Ireland's football history through the eyes of players fans and the media. The film also follows the lives of passionate football supporter Arthur and his son Tommy from East Belfast. The lead up to a momentous day in the life of a young boy (his 10th birthday) mirrors the build up to the big day for the Northern Ireland football team as they play the greatest match of their lives.
282836 A camera crew has the unique opportunity to record Satan in his natural habitat and it looks like he's quite happy with it. He has the perfect job he is for the most part feared and respected and his minions jump to his every whim. After 6000 years he is invited back to heaven and he goes - expecting to return to his place beside God as Lucifer the Angel of Light. But when it turns out the invitation is not for the expected welcome home but is rather for Christ's Second Coming-out party things quickly go to hell. Worse his former girlfriend is now partnering with the biggest douche-bag in Heaven. Satan decides he misses the place anyway and wants back in. So he decides he needs to find a way to re-earn God's respect in order to be welcomed back. We learn that the Devil does for once care - kind of.
283009 Groundswell gnome tells five students of the University of Kuala Lumpur came to the longhouse folk Grandfathers Selako located in a remote village of Kampung Pueh Sematan Lundu in Sarawak. While studying the customs people they are trapped in the house a long time without the occupant. They possessed gnome and disturbed ghost grave. They have a variety of bad omens horror and scary events leading up to the fight murder mystery and tragic death. Is the end of the five students who had to endure the gnome environment they have never met in life ...
"283190 The Film Peddler' offers a humorous and revealing glimpse into the life of John Shipp a man who at one time with his associates controlled over half of independent film distribution in the USA. When not hobnobbing with celebrities like Clint Eastwood and George Burns or making sure that Paul Newman had enough beer in his hotel suite John was amassing a fortune while at the same time producing in his own words ""Some of the worst movies ever put to film"". Enduring financial ruin and personal hardship John later came out on top again in ways he never could have imagined. And he did it all with a chuckle from his heart and a smile on his face embarking on a remarkable and inspiring journey that spanned nearly fifty years in the film industry."
283271 The film follows a single father Tom Hawkins (Kevin O’Donnell) whose life is destroyed when his son is kidnapped and murdered.  When informed by the FBI led by agent Mike Sheehy (Naughton) that the homicide appears to be part of a string of crimes carried out by an enigmatic religious sect Tom decides to take matters into his own hands.  Ultimately he is faced with a challenging moral decision: should he follow his religious beliefs and let the law take its course or continue to seek revenge and hope God will show him forgiveness?
283765 The documentary presents the most important political and social events  that occurred during the administration of the constitutional government  with popular backing headed by Juan Bosch in the Dominican Republic  during the first seven months of the year 1963.  The military coup d´etat that overthrew the Bosch government the foreign  policy of United States President John Kennedy and relationship of the  United States with members of the military who overthrew regimes  throughout Latin America are subjects that occupy a large part of this  documentary made entirely with original images and sounds from that era.
283839 Recently released from prison French chef Jacques pursues an obsession -- to leave his past behind and work for the great British chef Victor Ellwood. He knows Victor had an affair with his mother and may even be his dad. Working for iron-fisted Victor is back-breaking but his existence is softened by the presence of a curious girl living in the downstairs flat. As he falls in love with her he realises she not only has an aversion to restaurants but food of all kinds. Is her eating disorder a force too resilient for anything even love to cure?
284054 King T'Challa returns home to the reclusive technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve as his country's new leader. However T'Challa soon finds that he is challenged for the throne by factions within his own country as well as without. Using powers reserved to Wakandan kings T'Challa assumes the Black Panther mantle to join with ex-girlfriend Nakia the queen-mother his princess-kid sister members of the Dora Milaje (the Wakandan 'special forces') and an American secret agent to prevent Wakanda from being dragged into a world war.
284122 1. Got Me Under Pressure 2. Waitin' For The Bus 3. Jesus Just Left Chicago 4. Gimme All Your Lovin' 5. Pincushion 6. I Gotsta Get Paid 7. Flyin' High 8. Kiko 9. I Loved The Woman 10. Foxey Lady 11. My Head's In Mississippi 12. Chartreuse 13. Sharp Dressed Man 14. Legs 15. Tube Snake Boogie 16. La Grange 17. Tush  With an unchanged line-up stretching back to 1969 and global album sales in excess of 50 million ZZ Top continue to delight fans around the world with brilliant live concerts and great music. The band has made a number of visits to Montreux over the years and this concert from the 2013 Festival is undoubtedly one of their finest live performances. The set list blends tracks from early seventies albums such as Tres Hombres and Fandango through their eighties blockbuster period with Eliminator and Afterburner and up to their most recent release and return to their blues roots with La Futura.
284549 “Taking Shelter” is a feature film made of other feature films - Canadian feature films. Over 400 Canuck flicks from the 1970s and 1980s - the notorious ‘tax shelter’ or ‘springtime for Hitler’ era - will be broken down and recombined into a new single storyline in which aliens posing as Americans invade Canada and conspire to turn the lives of everyday people into cinema!  Hilarious compelling tightly edited fragments of countless forgotten science fiction horror docudrama romance and action films will splinter recombine and transform before the eyes of the viewer. “Taking Shelter” is an unprecedented and groundbreaking experiment in ‘fair use’ found-footage cinema.
284581 Back Issues is the definitive documentary of porn magazine Hustler from its nightclub inception as it adapts to pornography in the 21st century. Director Michael Lee Nirenberg's father was was one of the original art directors in the 1970s and 80s. Back Issues is a complete look at the personalities and features that made this the most offensive magazine of all time. The story is told by its publisher as well as the editors cartoonists models attorneys art directors and cultural figures for the first time ever.
284702 With a vision that took him far beyond the genre of country rock singer-songwriter Gram Parsons left his mark in gut-wrenching sentiments of country music burning melodies typical of soul music sweet uplifting harmonies of gospel choirs and the hand-clapping boogie of rock and roll. Gram's daughter Polly organized this amazing gathering of his close friends and biggest fans for a Sin City tribute honoring this prince of longhair country boys. A sampling of the live performances include Six Days on the Road Sin City All Stars; Big Mouth Blues Jim Lauderdale; Devil in Disguise Jay Farrar; Sleepless Nights Lucinda Williams; Love Hurts Keith Richards & Norah Jones; Sin City Dwight Yoakam and more including commentaries by Polly Parsons and Shilah Morrow.
284874 Two best friends get involved into the domination games of two mafia bosses in post-communist Bulgaria. Clutching like crayfish to the baits of everyday life they determine their fates: without the other one knowing they are manipulated to take seemingly harmless tasks.  Parallel to the criminal line in the story our attention is drawn toward the inner problems of the characters toward the links that exist between everything and everyone. The two friends try fruitlessly to establish a dialogue. A dialogue about relationships about death about responsibilities about the essence…
284878 The Old Testament tale of Samson and Delilah gets a new twist as director Corina van Eijk brings the beloved Saint-Saėns opera to the screen in this film starring Charles Alves da Cruz as the legendary strongman and Klara Uleman as the temptress who brings about his downfall. The Israelites are engaged in a bloody battle against the Philistines and Samson is the influential judge and powerful warrior who has given the war-weary Israelites a newfound sense of hope. That hope is soon diminished however when the irresistible Delilah ensnares the long haired Samson in a hopeless web of passion. Samson draws power from his flowing locks and without them he is but a mortal man. The only way to defeat Samson is to shear his formidable mane and the temptress Delilah is the only one capable of getting close enough to do so.
285091 Family drama starring Burt Reynolds and Jason Priestley. When young Aaron McGregor (Devin Douglas Drewitz) is orphaned he is sent to live with an emotionally distant aunt and uncle who reluctantly take him in while still wrestling with their own personal demons. To make matters worse Aaron is picked on mercilessly by the school bully. When he discovers a wounded baby wolf cub on a nearby hill he takes it in and begins secretly caring for it. As his new friend becomes increasingly difficult to hide Aaron and the cub grow more and more dependent on each other for their emotional and physical survival.
285423 Battle-scarred and disillusioned by the war Corporal Chris Merrimette is put in charge of a unit whose next mission is to resupply a remote outpost on the edge of Taliban-controlled territory. While driving through the hostile Helmand province a Navy SEAL flags down their convoy and enlists the unit on an operation of international importance: they must help an Afghan woman famous for her defiance of the Taliban escape the country. Without tanks or air support Merrimette and his team will need all the courage and firepower they can muster to fight their way across the war-torn country and shepherd the woman to safety.
285515 Having spent over a year in the town of Jiasian in Kaohsiung to shoot this documentary Golden Horse award-winning director Yang Li Chou (The Long Goodbye Young at Heart) puts together an inspirational post-catastrophe documentary with Bridge Over Troubled Water. Capturing the emotional journey of children through a national tug-of-war tournament and the hard lives of foreign brides in the region the documentary tells of the determination and bravery shown by the survivors of a calamitous typhoon that struck Taiwan in 2009. A group of young children volunteer to take part in a nationwide competition in order to restore hope in their town while a large number of foreign mothers in the area hope to revive the land that they love through exotic cuisine.
285592 This wrestling documentary covers one of the most controversial managers and figures in WCW ECW and WWE history! For the first time ever fans get the full story of the life and career of Paul Heyman. From his beginnings as a ringside photographer at Madison Square Gardens to becoming a manager at WCW then heading up the infamous ECW Paul has his own unique brand of over-the-top in your face entertainment that has developed him a cult-like following across the globe.  Since joining WWE Paul has gone on to great heights including managing Brock Lesnar when he finally broke The Undertaker's WrestleMania Streak in 2014.
285733 It's the ultimate fairytale musical! Barbie stars as Alexa a shy princess who discovers a secret door in her kingdom and enters a whimsical land filled with magical creatures and surprises. Inside Alexa meets Romy and Nori a mermaid and a fairy who explain that a spoiled ruler named Malucia is trying to take all the magic in the land. To her surprise Alexa has magical powers in this world and her new friends are certain that only she can restore their magic. Discover what happens when Alexa finds the courage to stand up for what's right and learns that the power of friendship is far more precious than magic.
285749 Rob Zombie's first concert film The Zombie Horror Picture Show is a feature-length concert film recorded live over two sizzling nights in Texas. It captures Zombie's elaborate multi-media production of mind-blowing SFX animatronic robots pyrotechnics oversized LED screens and state-of-the-art light show combined with his powerhouse band featuring John 5 Piggy D and Ginger Fish. The Zombie Horror Picture Show puts the viewer at the center of the hot and nasty action for a blistering set of 16 Rob Zombie classics including 'Dragula' 'Dead City Radio and the New Gods of Super Town' 'Living Dead Girl' 'More Human Than Human' and the crushing cover of Grand Funk Railroad's 'We're An American Band' from the seven-time Grammy® nominee's Top 10 2013 album Venomous Rat Regeneration Vendor.
285973 Renee Unger (Kris Carr) a good wife and expectant mother lives with her husband Eric (Timothy Altmeyer) in a quiet Ohio town where there aren't many secrets. But everything changes when Eric's younger brother Colson (Todd Swenson) recently released from prison after turning 21 comes to live with the family. Colson's strange behavior starts to unnerve Renee while Eric clams up at any mention of why his brother was imprisoned. As the mystery deepens so does Renee's sense of dread.
286334 A feature-length documentary about Star Trek's iconic original Green Girl Susan Oliver: Prolific actress of the '50s - '80s original member of the American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women record-setting female aviator; Tragically taken by cancer in 1990. With over 120 major acting credits in film and television Susan Oliver was literally a household name in the 1960's. She set a number of world records as a pilot and was one of the only women directing major TV shows in the 1980's. And yet many people don't even remember her name today. It's time to remember Susan Oliver...
"286365 Lock the doors and turn off the lights as The Professor guides you through three tales of terror. Discover the evils that fester in the minds of the demented in this horror anthology. In ""Girls Night Out"" two girls plan on going to a party and having some fun. Instead they end up in a life or death situation with an uninvited guest. In ""The Creep"" a young woman's fears and insecurities blind her from the truth and sends her spiraling down a road that can only end in death. But whose death? Featuring Scott Schiaffo (Clerks Vulgar) as Mo. In ""Blood Moon Rising"" a nurse bites off more than she can chew when she sets her sites on her wealthy employer. Settle in and brace yourself for an evening of chills and thrills."
"286440 When Incubus Attacks Volume 2 is a DVD released by the band Incubus in 2001. The main feature of the DVD is a collection of songs performed at the Sno-Core festival. Also included on the DVD are official videos for all the bands singles released up to the point of its release including friend-made videos for Summer Romance and ""I Miss You"" a portion from an acoustic concert the band played and out-takes from the band backstage while at the festival among other features."
286565 Quentin Jacobsen has spent a lifetime loving the magnificently adventurous Margo Roth Spiegelman from afar. So when she cracks open a window and climbs back into his life-dressed like a ninja and summoning him for an ingenious campaign of revenge-he follows. After their all-nighter ends and a new day breaks Q arrives at school to discover that Margo always an enigma has now become a mystery. But Q soon learns that there are clues-and they're for him. Urged down a disconnected path the closer he gets the less Q sees of the girl he thought he knew.
286879 The National Wrestling Alliance is the oldest sanctioning and governing body in professional wrestling. The NWA World Title has the most storied history in the sport dating back to the 1900's. follow the history and Tradition of the most prestigious world title in wrestling from it's creation to the modern era of the NWA today. Learn of the great athletes who held the title also the ones many say should never have held it to the ones fighting to keep the heritage alive. The NWA World Title has had it's highs and lows but it's importance has never been tarnishied. Too many the NWA World Title represents a legacy that will never die. Does it still mean anything? Find out in History & Tradition: The Story of the National Wrestling Alliance.
286922 A master of espionage is hot on the trail of a new kind of computer criminal in this made-for-TV sci-fi action opus. Lindsay (Brooke Harman) is a scientist whose latest discovery in energy transformation has the potential to revolutionize the world; it also attracts the attention of Zachary (Christopher Morris) the leader of a cyber-savvy gang and Zachary kidnaps Lindsay in order to learn her secrets. Lindsay's sister Ricki (Rachel Blakely) soons becomes concerned about her sister's disappearance and contacts super sleuth Max Knight (Michael Landes) to find her. As Max searches for Lindsay he discovers Zachary and his cohorts have strange plans for Lindsay's innovation which could make it possible for them to leave their bodies and travel wherever they wish through the Internet.  (Max Knight: Ultra Spy was released direct-to-video)
286987 Mae and Gabby are two friends who go everywhere together but they are not very popular in their school. Their classmates always pressure because they have not had a boyfriend so to avoid further setbacks the girls put in place a plan to create the perfect boyfriend. Both believe that it will be easy to create their perfect guy using the military team building; machinery owned by the father of Mae the machine works through a wireless keyboard. The machine can create with their settings a robotic soldier. Of this plan was born Albert an ideal guy to be a perfect boyfriend. He will be the most popular boy of the school.
287100 Don’t Breathe is a dark comedy set in Georgia that follows the tribulations of a middle-aged man Levan who is suddenly led to question his existence because of a routine medical examination. It sends him into a downward spiral of paranoia and doubt as he fumbles his way through the theatre of the absurd that we call life. Using humour and a playful tone the film examines the fragility of human nature when our bearings get lost and our imagination takes over highlighting our common fears doubts hopes and resilience.
287124 In October 2006 the Dutch women’s hockey team became world champions for the first time in 16 years. Niek Koppen’s documentary about the period leading up to this victory begins with the celebrations accompanying their arrival as champions at Amsterdam Airport. He then leaps 10 weeks back in time to the start of intensive preparations for the World Cup. Koppen uses neither comments nor interviews but the extensive access to his subjects lets him show how excited the players and the technical staff are about the competition in Spain. Rather than focusing primarily on the sport itself the director highlights the difficult process the team is going through.
287181 Mark tells the story of the hero lose yourself in the maze of paper drunk fast-paced world the first girlfriend from college was abandoned and then fell in love with wealthy daughter Coco the last monarch of Columbia because coco father strongly opposed and insults Mark decidedly left coco vowed to become a high society people since then they disappear two years after the re-emergence of Mark drove a Ferrari lived in luxury who do not know him in the end what has been done in two years? Wang Wei the emergence of wealthy few let Coco Mark and he's turned into a love triangle relationship a strong Wei insidious little in order to get coco exhausted all means! After the king's brother against Wei less vertical cross grab gear marks the final decision of the prodigal son with coco fly away but God did not give the prodigal son and a look back ...
287392 SummerSlam (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by WWE. It took place on August 17 2014 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles California.[1] It was the twenty-seventh annual SummerSlam and the sixth consecutive event held at the Staples Center. This was the first pay-per-view in which the promotional poster incorporated the new WWE logo. Eight professional wrestling matches were scheduled on the event's main card and one match took place on the pre-show which was streamed on the WWE Network.
287411 101 Reasons Not to be a Pro Wrestler is by far the most talked about pro wrestling movie since Beyond the Mat. Wrestling fans always want to know what pro wrestler really think about being fired being held down the creative processribs mixed martial arts setting up a match backyard wrestling forming a union the monopoly of the pro wrestling industry drugs and Vince McMahon.  101 Reasons Not to be a Pro Wrestler is a 3 hour long documentary filled with the biggest names in pro wrestling today such as New Jack Vampiro Diamond Dallas Page Tylene Buck Predator from Zero-One and MMA fameJoanie Laurer (formerly known as Chyna) Psichosis Nozawa Babi SlymmSean O'HaireFatu (formerly known as Rikishi) Konnan and more...  Much of what the wrestlers have to say is shocking and surprising so get ready to hear the truth about the pro wrestling industry directly from some of the biggest names in the wrestling industry today.
"287514 Mouseke-magic meets storybook enchantment in a charming Clubhouse adventure inspired by your favorite fairy tale! To surprise Minnie with a special present Mickey and the gang keep her busy with loads of chores until they pick out the perfect gift. Tired from so much work Minnie falls asleep... and her dreamy fantasy begins. With a ""Mouseke-doodle-lee-do"" Fairy Godmother Clarabelle waves her wand and sets the magic in motion. Will Minnie-Rella make it to Prince Mickey's castle in time? What will happen at midnight? Will the slipper fit? With help from YOU -- and the right Mouseketools -- happily ever after is just a wish away! Sparkling with music fun three extra episodes and 10 bonus Minnie's Bow-Toons MINNIE-RELLA invites every little princess to have a ball!"
287580 Cinema a century ago was a new exciting and highly democratic form of entertainment. Picture houses nationwide offered a sociable lively environment in which to relax and escape from the daily grind. With feature films still rare the programme was an entertaining ever-changing roster of short items with live musical accompaniment. 100 years on this special compilation from the BFI National Archive recreates the glorious miscellany of comedies dramas travelogues and newsreels which would have constituted a typical night out in 1914. Our selection includes a comic short about a face-pulling competition a sensational episode of The Perils of Pauline scenes of Allied troops celebrating Christmas at the Front and an early sighting of one of cinema’s greatest icons.
287815 Call + Response is a first of its kind feature documentary film that reveals the world’s 27 million dirtiest secrets: there are more slaves today than ever before in human history. Call + Response goes deep undercover where slavery is thriving from the child brothels of Cambodia to the slave brick kilns of rural India to reveal that in 2007 Slave Traders made more money than Google Nike and Starbucks combined. Luminaries on the issue and many other prominent political and cultural figures offer first hand account of this 21st century trade. Performances from Grammy-winning and critically acclaimed artists move this chilling information into inspiration for stopping it. Music is part of the movement against human slavery. Dr. Cornel West connects the music of the American slave fields to the popular music we listen to today and offers this connection as a rallying cry for the modern abolitionist movement currently brewing.
287863 All Alza Bennett wants is to get home to her estranged family for the Easter holiday but an auto mishap leaves the high strung executive more than 700 miles short of her destination and standing on the doorstep of a grizzled reclusive farmer named Lincoln who's goal in life is to be left alone. After a deal is struck the mismatched pair sets out on a three day odyssey of misadventure along the highways and byways of America where they encounter rat infested hotels convenience store hold ups rural rabbit stalkers and a starstruck couple from a local trailer park. Best of all they are forced to encounter each other as the two worlds of the princess and hermit collide at each and every turn. A humorous retelling of The Story of The Prodigal Son told through the eyes of a young woman looking to make amends while she searches for the road back home.
"287879 A terrifying tale of the life of a single woman who decides to undergo the ""in-vitro fertilization process"" in Singapore to have a child of her own. Seven years later she moves into a new apartment and her child begins to behave oddly much to the bafflement of the young mother. Her fears begin to mount when she finds her daughter frequently talking to herself in the presence of a shadowy figure who has been appearing in their new home. When she tries to question her child on her behavior she is shocked to discover that her daughter has been communicating with the dead."
287925 Plus sized and 30 years old LEXIE IVY is a feisty Bed and Breakfast owner who desperately needs a date to her sisters wedding. In small town Nova Scotia thats no easy task especially when the most eligible bachelor is JOSS the rough handyman fixing her roof. When ADRIAN a handsome and charming guest arrives and seems to take an interest in Lexie she thinks all her problems are solved. But she misreads the situation and is soon reeling believing her romantic dream has slipped away maybe forever. After a series of hilarious mishaps and a reality check or two Lexie opens her heart and eyes to see that love may be a lot closer than she thought.
288185 The amazing true story of civil rights pioneer Joan Trumpauer Mulholland An Ordinary Hero is directed by award-winning filmmaker Loki Mulholland who captures his mother's story and learns about her courage and the role she played in changing American history. As a white girl growing up in the South Joan witnessed the ugly realities of segregation and racism firsthand and vowed to one day change it. By the time she was 19 she had already joined the Freedom Riders and participated in over three dozen sit-ins and protests. Despite being attacked by angry mobs put on death row in the notorious Parchman Penitentiary and coming face-to-face with the KKK Joan never wavered from her belief that we are all created equal.
288208 It's arguably the most brutal and nihilistic form of music ever to assault the ear drums and for many young music fans death metal isn't just something to bang your head to -- it's a way of life. Whether you're a longtime death metal fan a casual listener or a complete newcomer to the scene this insightful documentary features an in depth look at one of the music world's least explored genres that will educate as well as entertain. Presented with absolutely no pre-existing agenda Death Metal follows former Carnivore vocalist Peter Steele as he gazes into the black heart of the least explored style in the heavy-metal spectrum. ~ Jason Buchanan Rovi
288217 Strap in for a rollercoaster ride through the emotional worlds of love and royalty in an original WE Channel movie exploring the enduring 30-year romance shared between Prince Charles and Camilla Parker-Bowles. Decades before the fairy tale wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana the young prince and his longtime sweetheart found their growing love tragically clipped by the many demands of royalty and the sometimes rough waters of romance. Though he had previously exchanged vows with the glamorous Diana Prince Charles never truly forgot about Parker-Bowles and in this film Anglophiles and royalty scholars alike will finally learn the truth behind one of the highest profile romances in modern history.
288686 Based on the best-selling book 'My Story' this feature length drama goes beyond the headlines to tell an intimate story about secrets and one woman's struggle to have them heard. In 1993 Louise Nicholas made her first shocking accusations about being raped by policemen. Some believed her many didn't. CONSENT tells the story of the senior policeman who went to great lengths to help her fight her case the journalist who exposed the truth and the family at the center of the storm.
"288899 Budding photographer Chloe (Ory) comes from a family of failed romances. At a local flea market she stumbles upon an old photo album from the 1970s chronicling the ideal romance of a happy couple (Hindle and Barbeau). Unable to find her own ""true love"" she sets out to find the couple in the album and prove that true love exists. Along the way she meets Gabe Sinclair (Macfarlane) a mysterious but charming bartender who seizes the opportunity to join Chloe's mission and soon finds himself falling in love with her. With limited resources the two go on an adventure searching for clues that will lead them to the couple and hopefully to true love. As the search continues Chloe begins taking an interest in Gabe but won't let these feelings distract her from her mission to find the couple. Will Chloe learn to give up her fear of falling in love and finally find true happiness?"
288942 A film by Joey Castro Live From The Inside is a DVD/CD combo filmed live at the famous Capitol Records Studio A in Hollywood CA featuring Brian's band plus guest stars Sheldon Reynolds Ray Parker Jr. Dave Koz Michael Lington Eric Darius and Eric Marienthal. It also features several documentary vignettes between songs about 'Life on the Road' 'Chicago' 'Rehearsals' 'Decatur' where Brian grew up interviews by the musicians and more. Songs included: So Good Get It On All About You Always Remember Our Love Come To Me Funkin' Like My Father Serpentine Fire and many more plus Go a song specifically written for this project by Brian Culbertson & Sheldon Reynolds.
288950 Having recently earned his college degree Lorenzo Primavera (Eddie Malavarca) leaves his home in Boston to travel to his family's ancestral homeland in Italy -- as was requested by his late grandfather. Upon arriving Lorenzo is offered a short-term position as coach for an American-style football team by the team's manager Giulio Fellini (Maurizio Nichetti). As the young American immerses himself in his new duties he makes the acquaintance of Paola Angelini (Violante Placido) and the two begin a friendship that quickly blossoms into something more. In between spending time with Paola and working with the team Lorenzo also begins investigating his own family's history and learns the reason for his grandfather's departure from Italy as well as why his grandfather never returned to visit. As Lorenzo begins to forge an identity for himself in Italy -- not to mention strong romantic attachments to Paola -- he must eventually decide whether or not to return to the States.
289082 The goal of Hawaii a Voice for Sovereignty is to raise awareness of the issues that threaten the Hawaiians ancient and once-environmentally-sustainable culture. It is an epic documentary about Hawaiian spirituality and the peoples close connection to the land. It focuses on the complicated social economic and ecological issues that have arisen in Hawaii since the overthrow of Queen Liliuokalani by the United States in 1893. For Hawaiians sovereignty is the legal political and moral right to live on and care for the land; build and grow a sustainable economy; protect natural resources; practice spiritual and cultural traditions; honor their ancestral past; and care for family and community. The film is in the voice of native Hawaiian people who address the issues they continue to face in their long struggle to regain sovereignty over their rights and the native lands lost after the U.S. businessmen and military overthrew the Kingdom of Hawaii.
289159 Between 1944–1953 courageous resistance movement took place in the Baltic region of Europe uniting the partisan troops for struggle against the Soviet Union. “The Invisible Front” was a coded name used by the Soviet Interior forces to describe the resistance movement in Lithuania. Film depicts the story of the fighters through the words and experience of the partisan leader Juozas Luksa and interviews with eyewitnesses of those events - both the partisans and the Soviet fighters. Tales of horror torture and courage are told in the rare archival footage that has never been screened before and interviews with the surviving members of the resistance movement.
"289177 Celebrate the seasons with the Care Bears as the fun friendly little creatures love and laugh all year round. Hugs and Tugs are kept inside by the rain in ""It's Raining It's Boring"" but they manage to overcome their boredom with lots of fun activities. Champ helps a young skiier gain the confidence to hit the slopes after an accident in ""No Business like Snow Business"" while elsewhere Beastly and Shreeky try to stop him. In ""The Cloud Monster"" Bright Heart is busily creating a cloud machine to capture the monster that Beastly made. Other episodes include ""Caring For Spring"" ""Ski Trouble"" and ""The Frozen Forest."""
"289269 Jane is a beautiful but troubled American girl backpacking through Japan when her raw street fighting skills draw the attention of Oshima Japanese karate champion who recruits and trains her to fight in the vicious all-female underground martial arts tournament known as ""The Kumite"". After months of rigorous preparation Jane is ready to face off against the deadliest female fighters in the world including Ling the Chinese apprentice of Oshima's nemesis. But other nefarious forces lie in the shadows and Jane and Ling will have to unite on a journey that will take them from the gritty underworld of Hong Kong to the glitz of Macao before deciding who really is the best female fighter on the planet."
"289520 Portland book editor Natalie Holland has chosen the wrong guy – another underachiever – once again. With her life going nowhere fast she accepts a job offer from publisher and friend Avery Goldstein and moves to Los Angeles.  A woman of depth and principle Portland chic Natalie is a fish out of water in LA. Things only get worse when she learns she’s been hired to edit the latest romance novel from bestselling author Beverly Wilcox a powerful glamorous and intimidating figure straight out of ""The Devil Wears Prada""."
289781 Poshter Boyz is a humorous take on a key social issue where three ordinary individuals of completely different age-groups find themselves brought together in an unwanted situation that has a serious negative effect on their well-settled happily progressing life. It revolves around an incident of three ordinary people who to their surprise find their pictures on a poster promoting vasectomy and how that error changes their lives around. Laced with a very interesting and well rounded music and background score the film explores the journey of these three men through these trying times and their fight for justice.
289820 N recounts the story of the Frenchman Raymond Borremans who left Europe for Africa in the mid-20th-century. He devoted his life to the creation of the first encyclopaedia of this other world dreaming of eternal recognition. He died however having only reached the letter N. With his encyclopaedia incomplete his restless spirit drifts around West Africa caught between life and death past and present. This is the story of how he tries to complete his unfinished task from beyond death. N is both visually and musically a truly striking film. It is a multi-layered audio-visual symphony of great narrative richness. Hovering between dream and reality this magical film plays on the confrontation between the Western mind and African spirituality.
289979 The Paris Concert recorded at the New Morning in Paris France July 19 &amp; 20 2007 released Nov 23 2010 by the Music Video Distributors studio. Living Colour needs no introductions : Vernon Reid Will Calhoun Doug Wimbish &amp; Corey Glover are top '80s New York musicians.  The Paris Concert video They're one the very few groups that can are authentic sons of Jimi Hendrix.The Paris Concert film this is obvious in the intense concert these masters of groove gave at the New Morning in 2007.
"290241 Women in Boxes is the first film to uncover the story of the Unsung Hero behind the magician. The devoted if not masochistic Magic Assistant who distorts her body into impossible positions while the magician cuts her in pieces stabs her sets her on fire crushes her makes her disappear then restores her to life with a dramatic ""Taa Daa!"" and takes a bow to wild applause. Who is the woman who would subject herself to such torture not to mention the Magician's Ego? Are these women just bimbos parading around in skimpy clothes? Or are they the real magic behind the Illusionist? Heretofore sworn to secrecy this tough yet feminine group opened their homes hearts and lives for the filmmakers and gave an insider's view of love life and magic family values."
290298 The vitality of the African city has provided local filmmakers with a rich array of stories for their films. African Metropolis presents six short films that examine the complexity of urban life in Abidjan Cairo Dakar Johannesburg Lagos and Nairobi. They run the gamut of genres but in all the central character is the city itself. A Jewish pensioner lives alone in a Johannesburg apartment the last resident of an ever-changing city. In a Nairobi of the future one man searches for the girl of his dreams. Dakar is the backdrop to an intimate conversation between two women. Abidjan once played host to the American artist Jean-Michel Basquiat. In Cairo a musician sees the gap between rich and poor expand. And a final film confronts the perils of the poverty trap.
290415 Visiting her native Japan with her American boyfriend Darren Reiko is disappointed to see him spend most of his time filming local stereotypes. Already upset Reiko draws the line when Darren walks into a forbidden cave which according to local beliefs enshrines Shinto gods since the dawn of time. From then Reiko and Darren start witnessing strange things happening around them some of which they manage to catch on camera. Will they have time to understand what is upon them before it is too late?
"290495 Still’ Bout It picks up where the classic ‘Bout It left off following the adventures of the legendary Pistol P (Master P) and his homie Vito (Silkk the Shocker). The ghetto Bill Pistol P is released from prison and is reunited with Vito. Upon his release Pistol decides it’s time to go legit. The two move in with their Aunt Tee Dee and his nephew the talented b-baller M.J. (Lil’ Romeo). After settlin in Pitol and Vito get a job as dishwashers at a restaurant and Pitol meets the love of his life. The peace doesn't last long after Pistol encounters the notorious Cut Mob and their leader drug kingpin Trouble (Ameer Baraka). The enraged Pistol P goes back to his gangster ways and decides to rid the neighborhood of the Cut Mob and prove he's ""Still Bout It""."
"290689 Mark Van Der Poole his wife and two teenagers all understand what being ""connected"" is all about: TwitterFacebook Cell Phones iPads GPS - their frantic lives are bound to gadgets too numerous to count! This noisy backdrop turns suddenly into awkward silence when a mysterious glitch brings the entire communications grid to a sudden halt! Sudden with drawl from gadget-driven addictions force the Van Der Poole family together against their will to face the best - and worst - in each other as they explore old fashioned fun family and faith. In the process they rediscover the real connectedness they haven't even realized they had lost."
290849 In 1929 music teacher Paul Leinert receives an unexpected letter from his old friend Otto Schiffmann a young and talented composer who has moved away from Berlin after a failed marriage. The letter is an invitation for Paul to come and visit Otto in his forest cabin – and to become familiar with his new work a long-awaited symphony. Taking along his wife Anna together with his colleague Willi the three find Otto’s cabin but their host is nowhere to be seen. As they go looking for him Paul notices something odd about the song of the local birds...
290862 Gender activist Diane Torr’s worldwide appearances and workshops are now legendary. For the past thirty years the main focus of this performance artist’s work has been an exploration of the theoretical artistic as well as the practical aspects of gender identity. Katarina Peters’ documentary observes a Diane Torr workshop in Berlin in which a group of open-minded women come together to discover the secrets of masculinity. What makes a man a man and a woman a woman? Precisely when and where is gender identity formatted? How much is nature and how much nurture? Each of Torr’s workshops represents an open-ended laboratory experiment in social behaviour in which the question is posed: is it possible to deliberately play out different roles and create a space in which to transgress both masculine and feminine characteristics?
"290970 It was a concert fit for a king. Filmed live from his final show in Dallas Texas George Strait performs some of his most-loved hits and shares the stage with many famous friends. You'll love the reigning ACM and CMA entertainer of the year's duets with Jason Aldean Kenny Chesney Eric Church Sheryl Crow Vince Gill Faith Hill Alan Jackson Miranda Lambert and Martina McBride. The special features new interviews with Strait along with a selection of his incredible 60 No. 1 hits performed at the farewell tour including ""Fool Hearted Memory"" ""I Can Still Make Cheyenne"" ""Check Yes Or No"" and ""The Cowboy Rides Away."""
290971 UFC Fight Night: Jacare vs. Mousasi (also known as UFC Fight Night 50) was a mixed martial arts event held on September 5 2014 at the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard Connecticut.  Main card  Jacare Souza vs. Gegard Mousasi  Alistair Overeem vs. Ben Rothwell  Matt Mitrione vs. Derrick Lewis  Joe Lauzon vs. Michael Chiesa  Nik Lentz vs. Charles Oliveira  John Moraga vs. Justin Scoggins  Undercard  Al Iaquinta vs. Rodrigo Damm  Rafael Natal vs. Chris Camozzi  Tateki Matsuda vs. Chris Beal  Sean Soriano vs. Chas Skelly
290999 Barry is a talented mechanic and family man whose life is torn apart on the eve of a zombie apocalypse. His sister Brooke is kidnapped by a sinister team of gas-mask wearing soldiers & experimented on by a psychotic doctor. While Brooke plans her escape Barry goes out on the road to find her & teams up with Benny a fellow survivor - together they must arm themselves and prepare to battle their way through hordes of flesh-eating monsters in a harsh Australian bushland.
291319 Jacob is tired of living on the family farm submitting to the rules of his father. One day he demands an early inheritance from his father who shocks his young son by agreeing to give it to him. So he heads to the big city doing things his way without restraint and for a while he does well-surprisingly well. He takes huge business risks and converts his small fortune into a big fortune despite his extremely flamboyant lifestyle that attracts the wrong women including seductive Laura whose rich boyfriend Frank is often dangerously nearby. Jake had it all: money ladies prestige-but then-he loses it all and just when he things he's hit bottom the bottom drops some more- until he is eating out of dumpsters and eventually ends up living in a literal pig pen. Coming to his senses he heads home determined to work in an entry level position for his dad who surprises him once again by running to him-but is it to kiss him or kill him?
291375 A woman's journey of self-discovery and the dynamics of her zany family.  Alexis Fish is left broke and broken-hearted after the death of her cheating husband working as a phone sex operator and a walking meatball hero. As she returns to her hometown of Brooklyn for a distant aunt's funeral she fears to admit to her family and overbearing mother that her life is a mess. With help from her quirky sister Kayla and a new love interest Alexis realizes she must let go of her past to define her own future.
291537 The world knows Paul Newman as an Academy Award winning actor with a fifty-plus year career as one of the most prolific and revered actors in American Cinema. He was also well known for his philanthropy; Newman's Own has given more than four hundred and thirty million dollars to charities around the world. Yet few know the gasoline-fueled passion that became so important in this complex multifaceted man's makeup. Newman’s deep-seated passion for racing was so intense it nearly sidelined his acting career. His racing career spanned thirty-five years; Newman won four national championships as a driver and eight championships as an owner. Not bad for a guy who didn't even start racing until he was forty-seven years old.
291556 Based on a true story 'Under Jakob's Ladder' is a full-length feature film that takes place in the Soviet Union during 1938. Jakob a former teacher who lost his job due to the new Communist system can only stand by and watch as the world around him slowly disintegrates and fear and suspicion rule the day. Like most of the men in his village he soon finds himself in a Soviet prison. But it is there that he discovers that the freedom he craves might actually be found within the walls of his cell.
291682 A young woman struggling to become a novelist has her life go into a tailspin. Her first novel is rejected her non-committal boy friend decides to take a powder her best friend moves to Mexico for an acting job and her mother announces that her long presumed dead father is actually a hippie photographer who has come to town to meet her. Sinking into a depression at being a total failure at 28 she starts fantasizing about suicide. In her depths of despair she meets various eccentric characters including a chain-smoking Santa Claus and an obnoxious literary agent. But her belief in herself is only restored when she meets a patient in a hospital where she does volunteer work.
291735 Three soldiers become unlikely friends after falling into enemy hands in this emotional drama that takes a very different look at war. One by one Pvt. Aaron Phillips Lt. Steven Hill and Sgt. Bryan Monroe are taken hostage. Strangers to one another each man has his own story and different levels of military experience. While Pvt. Phillips is on his first tour of duty Lt. Hill has returned to active duty from the reserves and Sgt. Monroe is on his fourth and final tour.  Trapped in a small and dank prison cell the soldiers swap stories of their last memories of home but time is running out and all of their lives are hanging in the balance.
291888 Water and its sources have historically been the key factor in the establishment of cities of civilizations. 'Glacial Balance' is a contemplative documentary film showing the effects climate change is having on Andean glaciers and the lives of those who depend on them for survival. In the film we travel along the spine of the Andes mountain range from Colombia to Argentina getting to know the lives of those who will be first affected by the dwindling glacier reserve the 'canaries in the mine'; The locals' experiences and scientists working in a race against time.
292315 Many people believe that ghosts are real and that these beings truly exist - though there is not a single mention of their existence in the sacred pages of the noble Al-Quran. However the holy texts of the Al-Quran warn us about the negative influences from demons devils and spirits. In the film “Jin” we reinvestigate the disturbances that we encounter which are commonly associated to ghosts and such. “Jin” is a classic horror film that revolves around a young married couple: Syafiq and Lily. Syafiq is a business owner who strives to improve his family’s quality of life by buying a house for his beloved wife. Lily upon seeing a place that is spacious and beautiful immediately falls in love with it. What this couple doesn’t realize however is that the house has a history of changing hands often and has stories of serious disturbances.
292474 Life in Berry Bitty City is always better when Strawberry and her friends try their berry best! Princess Berrykin decides to bring back an old tradition and Blueberry spends so much time worrying about manners that she forgets what's really important. When a Good Citizens Club is formed Plum learns that fitting in with others is fine as long as she follows her heart. Lemon and Raspberry work together to clean up a playground and soon see the berrytastic value of teamwork. Strawberry helps out the Postmaster Bee who shows her the value of honest effort. It's friendship and helping hands to the rescue in these sweet fun-filled adventures!
292718 UFC Fight Night: Bigfoot vs. Arlovski (also known as UFC Fight Night 51) was a mixed martial arts event held on September 13 2014 at Ginįsio Nilson Nelson in Brasķlia Brazil.  Main Card (Fight Pass 8 PM ET)  Antonio Silva vs. Andrei Arlovski  Gleison Tibau vs. Piotr Hallmann  Leonardo Santos vs. Efrain Escudero  Sergio Moraes vs. Wendell Oliveira  Iuri Alcantara vs. Russell Doane  Jessica Andrade vs. Larissa Pacheco  Preliminary Card (Fight Pass 5:45 PM ET)  Godofredo Pepey vs. Dashon Johnson  Igor Araujo vs. George Sullivan  Francisco Trinaldo vs. Leandro Silva  Paulo Thiago vs. Sean Spencer  Rani Yahya vs. Johnny Bedford
"292820 Curious George blasts off with a second set of adventures form the hit PBS Kids(R) TV series. This time George's curiosity is taking him down hills up rivers and into outer space! And The Man with the Yellow Hat is always there to lend a hand along with Hundley Gnocchi and the rest of George's friends. Narrated by Emmy Award(R) winner William H. Macy (""Seabiscuit"" ""Pleasantville"") the fun is out-of-this-world in ""Curious George: Rocket Ride And Other Adventures."" DVD features 8 shows and 2 hours of fun and activities. Episodes Include: ""Curious George's Rocket Ride"" ""Curious George And The Dam Builders"" ""Curious George Flies A Kite"" ""Curious George Finds His Way"" ""Curious George station Master"" ""Curious George Goes Up The River"" ""Curious George In The Dark"" ""Roller Monkey""."
292941 Vajra Sky is a cinematic pilgrimage to central Tibet bearing witness to the indomitable faith of its Buddhist community and the imminent threat to its very survival. This poignant journey bears witness to the indomitable faith of its endangered Buddhist community and the imminent threat to its very survival. The vastness of the Tibetan sky reflecting snowy mountains rushing rivers and turquoise lakes leads the journey west. Tibetans respond to the denial of the human right to practice one's religion without interference with a defiant devotion.
292950 This collection features all of New Order's groundbreaking videos including 'Bizarre Love' 'Triangle' 'Blue Monday' and 'True Faith' plus alternate versions and brand new videos for 'Temptation' and 'Ceremony' created just for this compilation. It also includes the latest video from their current album - the title track 'Waiting for the Sirens Call'. Tracklist: 'Ceremony' 'Confusion' 'The Perfect Kiss' 'Shellshock' 'State of the Nation' 'Temptation' 'Bizarre Love Triangle' 'True Faith' 'Touched By the Hand of God' 'Blue Monday' 'Fine Time' 'Round & Round' 'Run' 'World in Motion' 'Regret' 'Ruined in a Day' 'World' 'Spooky' '1963' 'Crystal' '60 Miles an Hour' 'Here To Stay' 'Krafty' 'Jetstream' and 'Waiting for the Sirens' Call'.
"293422 Jethro Tull's famous concept album ""Thick As A Brick"" was originally released in 1972 and featured one continuous track spread across two sides of an LP telling the story of a young boy called Gerald Bostock. 40 years later in 2012 Jethro Tull's founder and leader Ian Anderson created ""Thick As A Brick 2: Whatever Happened To Gerald Bostock?"". Following this release Ian Anderson took both albums on the road to perform the complete story of Gerald Bostock and this concert from the tour was filmed in Iceland. The show combines music video screens and mime to bring Gerald s tale to life."
293469 The Ultra Fans of the three foremost football clubs in Istanbul Galatasaray Fenerbahce and Besiktas have been known all over Europe for their unconditional support of their teams and their mutual rivalry that often resulted in extremely violent clashes. The current protest movement in Turkey -originated to protect Gezi-park against demolition- is a movement against the ruling AK party. The ruthless dealings of the police against peaceful protesters sparked a nation-wide movement. Then something remarkable happened: fans of the competing football teams united for a common cause for the first time ever. The football ultras now fight side by side against the police and use their experience with clashes to help the protesters against tear gas and to build barricades. The name for their alliance: Istanbul United.
293595 In the mid-1990s reports emerged that Prince had fallen into dispute with his record company. Having signed what was ostensibly a new 100 million dollar contract just a couple of years before Prince was now demanding - not unreasonably to most commentators - control of his masters and the freedom to release what he wanted when he wanted. After a bitter war of words during which the star scrawled Slave across his cheek whenever he appeared in public and routinely dissed his label the parties finally settled and Prince henceforth was free to take full control of his music and the way it was sold to consumers. Prince approached this task with devastating foresight as he routinely created new marketing concepts which with time became the norm across the music world.
293813 As the infamous 'Men of Oregon' basked in the spotlight a team of women were running on the same track vaulting over the same bar and crossing the same finish line. We Grew Wings in the untold story of the how the women's teams overcame hurdles and personal struggles to set new records and break through barriers. This is a story about both yesterday's legacy and today's triumphs. And more than anything about the common bond we share through sports. We Grew wings answers a long-time need for women in sport; to be inspired and cheered by their predecessors. To be encouraged to set new records so we can each run our own race.
293821 Since the onset of the human race there have been those who instinctively understood the nature of reality and sought to impose their will upon it by co-operating with and honoring the forces that governed it. Although History has left a rich legacy of Magick Magicians and Wizards with such names as Pythagoras Paracelsus John Dee Cagliostro Israel Regardi and Eliphas Levi in the modern era there is only one whose name is still spoken with fearful reverence as the most powerful and influential magician who ever lived – Aleister Crowley.
294028 The early show from 07/18/2009.  Tracklist:  01. When Eye Lay My Hands On U  02. Little Red Corvette  03. Somewhere Here On Earth  04. When The Lights Go Down  05. Willing And Able  06. Eye Love U But Eye Don’t Trust U Anymore  07. She Spoke 2 Me  08. Drum Solo By John Blackwel l  09. Love Like Jazz  10. All This Love  11. Empty Room  12. Elixer  13. In A Large Room With No Light  14. Curtain Call  15. Insatiable  16. Prince Introduces Band Members  17. Scandalous  18. The Beautiful Ones  19. Nothing Compares 2 U  20. Epilogue
294031 The late show from 07/18/2007.  Tracklist:  01. Prince Introduces Band Members  02. When Eye Lay My Hands On U  03. Stratus (Long Portion)  04. Drum Solo By John Blackwell  05. Stratus (Short Version)  06. All Shook Up [Elvis Presley]  07. Peach  08. Spanish Castle Magic  09. When You Were Mine  10. Little Red Corvette  11. Somewhere Here On Earth  12. She Spoke 2 Me  13. Eye Love U But Eye Don’t Trust U Anymore  14. Love Like Jazz  15. All The Critics Love U In Montreux - Housequake  16. Break  17. In A Large Room With No Light  18. Purple Rain  19. Epilogue
294173 Night of Champions (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by WWE. It took place on September 21 2014 at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville Tennessee.[1] It was the eighth annual Night of Champions event.  The theme of the pay-per-view was that every championship would be defended on that night. This was the first pay-per-view to feature the latest version of championship belts which were introduced the night after SummerSlam such as the new WWE logo on the WWE World Heavyweight Championship (while the Big Gold Belt was retired) whereas the other championship belts have minor modifications.
294272 For years old wood carver Mr. Meacham has delighted local children with his tales of the fierce dragon that resides deep in the woods of the Pacific Northwest. To his daughter Grace who works as a forest ranger these stories are little more than tall tales... until she meets Pete a mysterious 10-year-old with no family and no home who claims to live in the woods with a giant green dragon named Elliott. And from Pete's descriptions Elliott seems remarkably similar to the dragon from Mr. Meacham's stories. With the help of Natalie an 11-year-old girl whose father Jack owns the local lumber mill Grace sets out to determine where Pete came from where he belongs and the truth about this dragon.
294294 This American Indie drama follows several endearing characters as they wade through life seeking happiness peace and ultimately love. Will (Ronnie Kerr Vampire Boys 2 Shut Up and Kiss Me) leaves the Navy after many years soon reunites old friends and begins to start his new civilian life. His friend Rich (Bruce L Hart) tries to set him up with ruggedly handsome Josh (Ian Roberts-a former Australian professional rugby player actor and model-Cedar Boys Superman Returns Little Fish). While there is immense chemistry between the two timing and certain ideals never seem to align. When a shocking tragedy happens the two are paired up to pick up the pieces and sort through the after effects. Saltwater is a story about men of all ages finding love losing friends navigating their way through life and knowing it's the journey rather then the destination that's important.
294399 Ex-gangster Charlie Thompson returns to London after the tragic death of his young nephew Danny which he believes to have been caused by the same callous hands that killed his brother George many years ago.  Taking the law into his own hands Charlie meets up with former acquaintances ready to settle old scores and save his last remaining nephew Frankie the last of the Thompson bloodline. However Charlie has been out the game for a while and he soon realizes that a lot has changed.
294543 Sundance-and-Emmy-Award-winning filmmaker Judy Irving (with her first film since the widely acclaimed and loved “The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill”) follows a wayward California brown pelican from her “arrest” on the Golden Gate Bridge into care at a wildlife rehabilitation facility and from there explores pelicans’ nesting grounds Pacific coast migration and survival challenges of these ancient birds sometimes referred to as the flying dinosaurs. The film is about wildness and asks the following questions: how close can we get to a wild animal without taming or harming it? Why do we need wildness in our lives and how can we protect it? PELICAN DREAMS stars “Gigi” (for Golden Gate) and Morro (a backyard pelican with an injured wing).
"294550 The rags to riches story of Sophie Tucker an iconic superstar who ruled the worlds of vaudeville Broadway radio television and Hollywood throughout the 20th century. Before Beyoncé Lady Gaga Madonna Bette Midler Marilyn Monroe and Mae West Sophie Tucker was the first woman to infatuate her audiences with a bold bawdy and brassy style unlike any other. Using all of ""The Last of the Red Hot Mamas"" 400-plus recently rediscovered personal scrapbooks authors Susan and Lloyd Ecker take you on their seven-year journey retracing Tucker's sixty-year career in show business.`"
294636 THE GODFATHER LEGACY goes deep inside Francis Ford Coppola's epic saga about the Corleone crime family and reveals how the Academy Award-winning film and its sequels became one of the most acclaimed franchises in Hollywood history. Featuring iconic scenes from all three films never before seen home movies and insightful interviews with filmmakers (Francis Ford Coppola All Ruddy and Peter Bart) actors (Al Pacino James Caan Talia Shire Joe Mantegna et al.) law enforcement officials and even former Mafia members. This feature length documentary illustrates why The Godfather trilogy continues to entertain and fascinate audiences and how it continues to impact the way society views everything from capitalism to crime.
294753 From the depths of New York's shadowy streets to the peak of its glittering skyscrapers the eternal war of good vs. evil reaches new heights as master vampire Lord Malgaard hatches a hideous plot to make every man woman and child on earth his helpless blood slave!  Only the unstoppable squad of ruthless vampire slayers led by modern-day Van Helsing Dr Jacob Sloane stands ready to oppose Malgaard and defeat his evil scheme!  But when one of Sloane's top agents the young sexy Kaitlin Moore learns she has only months to live she faces a fateful choice...  Succumb to her illness and die young... or live on into eternity as one of the very creatures she's sworn to destroy!  A candlelit fang-filled thriller in the eerie tradition of Buffy Blade and Banabas!
294818 When filmmakers Tiernan Turner and Matt Kendall decide to attend the world famous Carnaval they embark on a 10000 mile cross-continental road trip of a lifetime – from Las Vegas to Rio de Janeiro – on nothing but Suzuki motorcycles and the help of the burgeoning international social network of adventure riders and couch-surfers. Along the way they make life-changing connections with strangers and fellow travelers proving that despite all our fears the world is full of kind and generous people. But when they encounter harsh terrain mechanical and electrical failures logistical problems and other dangers they must rally their strength and endurance in order to arrive at the festival on time.
"294959 In the shady campgrounds of Yosemite valley climbers carved out a counterculture lifestyle of dumpster-diving and wild parties that clashed with the conservative values of the National Park Service. And up on the walls generation after generation has pushed the limits of climbing vying amongst each other for supremacy on Yosemite's cliffs. ""Valley Uprising"" is the riveting unforgettable tale of this bold rock climbing tradition in Yosemite National Park: half a century of struggle against the laws of gravity -- and the laws of the land."
295193 These senior citizens may each be almost a century young but for Kara (94) Maynie (95) and Terri (93) the journey to Las Vegas and the World Hip Hop Dance Championships is just the beginning of a life's journey. And along with twenty-seven other nonagenarians they defy the odds and hip-hop their way into the hearts and minds of thousands of young fans from around the world. Led by their exuberant and 'I must have been mad' manager Billie Jordan they learn to throw away their wheelchairs and walking sticks and push their bodies and artificial joints to the absolute limits of old age.
295339 In the late 1890s the Davenport House was a famous and successful brothel until a young prostitute named Alice killed herself there. After her death the brothel became haunted by Alice's ghost and was eventually abandoned. More than a century later the old structure is renovated into a beautiful mansion. It is still rumored to inhabit the ghost of Alice. Despite this the new owner; the rich and arrogant heir to the Davenport fortune decides to throw a wild party for his first night in the house.
295586 Set in the breathtaking landscapes of the Apuan Alps in Tuscany near the Gothic Line where German forces massacred hundreds of civilians before their retreat at the end of WWII. Pacifico Pieruccioni a shepherd born just following the war is now one of its last freedom fighters. He is being forced to abandon this life as his very existence suspended between the phantoms of a bloody past and the harbingers of an obscure future must bow to the gestation of the new Europe to come (VIFF synopsis).
295595 Twenty years ago Kurt Cobain was found dead of an apparent gunshot wound to the head. The world was told it was a suicide but evidence would lead many people to believe it might be otherwise. The film investigates the possibilities that exist that Kurt Cobain's death might not have been a suicide that the Seattle Police Department rushed their verdict and the global media perpetuated lies and misinformation fed to them by Courtney Love that created the belief in many that Cobain killed himself—but when revealed to be lies—lead many to now question what happened.
295629 Everyone is happy for rising actor GQ Qi – the network his mother his best friend – everyone except GQ himself. He is stuck playing an offensive stereotype on a television sitcom and the day he decides to speak up for himself on set the executive producer fires him. Struggling to pick up the pieces he starts dating A-list casting director Rachel. Love and work become intertwined.  Their relationship survives the protestations of GQ’s mother and best friend but starts to show strain as it becomes clear that GQ is unable to land another acting gig. As pressures from work love and family come to a head GQ must confront the hard question: How much of himself will he compromise for career success?
295719 In pre-WWII Vancouver second-generation Japanese immigrants had it tough. Daily they faced discrimination hatred and injustice at the hands of their Caucasian counterparts. But one thing made their lives worth living: baseball. They may be the underdogs but the Vancouver Asahi baseball team have a sense of fair play and smart tactics that set them apart from the brute force of their opponents. Under the guidance of new team captain Reggie Kasahara can they be able to rise above all the negativity to win the tournament?  This film is based on the true story of Vancouver Asahi the Japanese-Canadian baseball team that was inducted into The Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame in 2003.
295799 IRIS pairs legendary 87-year-old documentarian Albert Maysles with Iris Apfel the quick-witted flamboyantly dressed 93-year-old style maven who has had an outsized presence on the New York fashion scene for decades. More than a fashion film the documentary is a story about creativity and how even in Iris’ dotage a soaring free spirit continues to inspire. IRIS portrays a singular woman whose enthusiasm for fashion art and people are life’s sustenance and reminds us that dressing and indeed life is nothing but an experiment.
295949 Throughout his career Haden has constantly sought to transcend the boundaries of modern music. Widely considered to be among the greatest ever jazz bassists Haden has contributed pivotal music to a stunning scope of genres: avant-garde small group big band world music folk and gospel to name but a few.  From the get-go it was clear for both director and subject that the film had to go beyond the generic filmed music story: an intimate look at the music and life of one of Jazz’ most inspiring and influential musicians. With access to Haden’s own personal archive film sequences shot during concerts and recording sessions interviews with an incredible  selection of friends and collaborators and great archival footage the documentary will please diehard jazz fans as well as the newly initiated.
296096 A small town girl is caught between dead-end jobs. A high-profile successful man becomes wheelchair bound following an accident. The man decides his life is not worth living until the girl is hired for six months to be his new caretaker. Worlds apart and trapped together by circumstance the two get off to a rocky start. But the girl becomes determined to prove to the man that life is worth living and as they embark on a series of adventures together each finds their world changing in ways neither of them could begin to imagine.
296206 Pamela Anderson was roasted by Courtney Love Adam Carolla Bea Arthur Nick DiPaolo Greg Giraldo Elon Gold Eddie Griffin Lady Bunny Lisa Lampanelli Tommy Lee Jeff Ross Sarah Silverman Andy Dick roastmaster Jimmy Kimmel and pre-taped appearances by David Spade and Hugh Hefner. Dennis Rodman was amongst the crowd on the stage. This roast featured a large amount of jokes and satire regarding sex directed from roasters toward fellow roasters complete with Andy Dick appearing as Pamela's plastic surgeon and groping her breasts as part of his skit. Many of the jokes were also directed at Courtney Love for appearing to be inebriated (but claiming to have been sober for a year) Bea Arthur's masculinity Andy Dick's ambiguous sexuality and Lisa Lampanelli's full figured body as well as her attraction towards black people.  One of the audience members was Anna Nicole Smith.
296260 This documentary examines the social and cultural underpinnings of the trilogy of The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien in an attempt to understand the work's phenomenal success and influence. The program looks for answers in the author's sources of inspiration from the folk legends of Norway to the field of linguistics of which Tolkien was a lifelong student. It finds that the deep chord the story strikes owes its resonance to the author's use of archetypal imagery and language. Many examples of these recurrent themes and images are given with readings from the work and other literature. Interviews with the book's illustrators the brothers Hildebrandt speak to the power of the imagery in the classic story. Scholars Tolkien's children and the author himself provide insight into the mythic themes and the spell they have cast over the vast readership of The Lord of the Rings.
296459 Sara a pregnant woman is the innocent bystander in a robbery committed by reluctant criminal Derek. After being accidentally shot in the robbery Sara loses her child. Returning home she is shocked to find Derek there with a gun but things are not as they seem. Determined to do penance for a lifetime of bad choices Derek places himself in Sara's power and Sara who has been viciously abused by men in the past takes the opportunity for vengeance. As they grow to know each other they both will form a lifesaving bond or kill each other first!
296547 URBAN ROOTS is a documentary that tells the story of the spontaneous emergence of urban farming in the city of Detroit. Detroit once an industrial powerhouse of a lost American era is a city devastated by the loss of half its population due to the collapse of manufacturing. By the looks of it the city has died. But now against all odds in the empty lots in the old factory yards and in-between the sad sagging blocks of company housing seeds of change are taking root.
296614 Back in May 2013 The One Piece Podcast managed to run a successful Kickstarter which funded a trip to Japan to film a One Piece documentary like none other. It has been a long road but the wait is over. “The One Piece Podcast Goes to Japan” features interviews with some of the biggest names in the One Piece franchise exclusive access to One Piece and Shonen Jump events and even the thoughts and opinions of fans from around Japan!
296643 Jack to a King is a passionate portrait of the rise of Swansea City Football Club from near oblivion to the world stage of the Premier League. It is the story of a city and the people who made the club what it is today. An independent feature from film makers Mal Pope and Edward Thomas YJB Films’ Jack to a King is about more than just a football club it is about a city that survives against all odds – through the Blitz industrial decline and recession. It tells a universal story of how football plays into the lives of ordinary people. It touches on the Welsh attitude to defeat and victory and the relationship between sport and money. The story is told through the characters involved capturing the rhythm of their lives and presenting a portrait of where they live. Through it all there is one dream one ambition which unites everyone – The Premier League.
296775 This is about a certain year. How things could go from bad to worse within a year. We focus mostly on a guy’s life (Mark Fisher) and how his life affected others within that period of time. Just how bad does a person have to be before the Lord intervenes and puts a stop to it? Problems have to be given immediate attention to avoid future escalations. Mark Fisher uses his devilish tactics to turn his mom (Laura Fisher) against his dad (Kenneth Fisher) by subduing him with his weaknesses. Knowledgeable people live their lives knowing 365 days is only around the corner while foolish people live their lives thinking it is forever. A day spent is a day lost. Once your 365 days are gone they can never be retrieved.
296817 Miles From Home is a tale of lost innocence. Miles Conway 17 is force to fend for himself after his mother walks out on him and his brother due to her drug addiction. Abandoned also by his brother he is homeless on the streets of Los Angeles. Miles is introduced to a group of teenage prostitutes and is seduced into a world of sex money and drugs. They become his family. Once he is confronted by his inner demon it's too late. Innocence is lost. Miles is torn between his two worlds after he meets Natasha Freeman 19 a free spirited college student. Without effort Natasha shows Miles there is still beauty in life. In order to survive he must learn to overcome his circumstances and recognize a blessing when he sees one. There is a war within him and Miles has to make a decision. Will he choose life or death? Miles quickly learns the greatest fear we will ever have to face is to confront the person inside.
296854 Heath Freeman (Tru Calling ER) heads an all-star cast including Clifton Davis (Any Given Sunday) Ben Vereen (Roots) Stacey Dash (Renaissance Man) and Debbie Allen (Fame) in the period drama Soldier of Change which resurrects the turmoil and confusion of the late sixties. Travel back in time to visit a young man Randy (Freeman) who finds himself immersed in the impassioned civil rights cause in the States and struggles valiantly to adjust to the changing social fabric around him. But this is only the first of two worlds that Randy encounters. When he is drafted and shipped off to Asia - and the nightmare that called itself Vietnam - this inexperienced soldier must fight for his life and his convictions as he attempts to survive amid the turmoil of a war whose real nature is alien even to the country fighting it.
297348 6 college students from different backgrounds are assigned to work together on a final project. These six students have so far spent no time together can't stand each other and must pass this final assignment in order to pass the class. The assignment is to create a utopian society on paper. They've had all semester to work on the project but in the tradition of most college group assignments have opted to wait until the last minute to cram the entire semester's work into one night.
297457 Twenty years ago Alan Ereira's influential television film From The Heart of the World: The Elder Brothers' Warning brought global attention to the Kogi people of Colombia a remote and ancient South American civilization determined to caution us about environmental damage to the earth. Now two decades later and convinced that their message has gone unheeded the next generation of Kogi are reaching out to the world once more with a much more specific warning about the future of the planet.
297534 Yumi moves into her boyfriend's Tokyo apartment but on the night of the move he is called away for business in New York. The couple communicates over Skype and over the course of four nights their relationship descends into an abyss of mistrust and lies. Yumi believes there's a ghost in the room haunting her as her only connection to the outside world is Taka on the other side of the world. Taka believes she's slowly going crazy right in front of his eyes. The story concludes with a shocking twist that will haunt both of them forever.
297603 James Brown changed the face of American music forever.  Abandoned by his parents at an early age James Brown was a self-made man who became one of the most influential artists of the 20th century not just through his music but also as a social activist.  Charting his journey from rhythm and blues to funk MR. DYNAMITE: THE RISE OF JAMES BROWN features rare and previously unseen footage photographs and interviews chronicling the musical ascension of “the hardest working man in show business” from his first hit “Please Please Please” in 1956 to his iconic performances at the Apollo Theater the T.A.M.I. Show the Paris Olympia and more.
297693 A journey through the memories of teenager Paul Varderman as he reflects on the events leading to the fatal moment his life is cut short. Paul moves to a new school and becomes involved with 'The Freaks' a group on the periphery of school life those who don't fit in: scene kids emo kids indie kids. Outsiders. At the same time he attracts the attention of the schools twisted and manipulative bully Roth. When Paul delivers a message from Roth to the leader of a gang at a rival school it sparks a dangerous feud. Faced with growing pressures from both groups Paul must decide where his friendship lies a decision that may cost him his life.
297879 This film traces the early career of Bob Dylan in a manner no other has ever attempted telling his tale from his birth in Duluth Minnesota; through school and college; across his years as New York’s bright young starl through to his electric phase culminating with the controversial 1966 world tour. Featuring interviews with a host of friends colleagues and associates from that era and numerous others rare and often previously unseen footage daring and outspoken contributions from the very finest Dylan writers [such as Derek Barker CP Lee and Clinton Heylin] and a host of other features this film is among the finest Bob Dylan documentaries yet to emerge.
297965 Off the Hook Off the Ricther Scale and definitely “off The Chain” are a few phrases to describe this snowmobile video. Some of the most insane riding they have every caught on film. All in the backcountry. Free from pressures of everyday life these athletes are up in the Mountains doing what they like best “Going Big”! Pushing the sport of sledding to the next level. This snowmobile video is too “Off the Chain” to even explain. Buy it and you will see these Riders tipping the scales like never before. Starring: Dan Phillips Ross Mercer Christoph von Alvensleben Dane Furguson Randy Sherman Jay Quinlan Heath Frisbee Tommy Frankson Cody BorchersSam Carver and many more of the industry’s Top riders. This is not one of the run of the mill snowmobile videos it was shot in 16mm film DVCam and amazing head cam and follow cam shots all edited to a rock’n soundtrack. Plus over 30 minutes of bonus footage! Shot on location in Alaska and Canada.
298017 One summer night Zhen Liu’s husband Xiao Ping is arrested out of the blue and cannot be reached after being dragged away by the police 30 days earlier. Liu goes to the police in search of information about her husband but to no avail. Her husband’s sudden disappearance slowly destroys her while her relationship with her kindergarten-age daughter becomes rocky as well. She visits her husband’s friends to ask for their help but gets only various assumptions about his arrest in return. Liu manages to bring her former boyfriend and attorney Lv Xin on board and together they search for her husband. Thanks to Lv Xin’s connections they locate where her husband is but the police’s unreasonably demanding requests eventually discourage her husband’s release. An unassuming examination shown in documentary style of a Chinese society helpless under state power.
298075 On a sunny day in September 2014 Jeff Lynne head honcho of 70s hit-making band ELO took to the stage in London's Hyde Park and with the help of his backing band and the strings of the BBC Concert Orchestra brought to a close Radio 2's Live in Hyde Park annual festival. After an absence from the live stage for 28 years this headline set by Jeff Lynne's ELO was a much-anticipated and talked-about event. In front of 50000 people Jeff Lynne delivered a rousing and crowd-pleasing string of the Electric Light Orchestra's chart-topping hits including Livin' Thing Sweet Talkin' Woman Don't Bring Me Down Mr Blue Sky and Roll Over Beethoven. And there was also Jeff's touching tribute to his band buddies from Traveling Wilburys in his performance of their 1988 hit Handle With Care.
298432 FREEWAY: CRACK IN THE SYSTEM tells the story of broken dreams drug dealers dirty cops and government complicity—more compelling than fiction it’s the real story behind America’s longest war. This documentary by award-winning filmmaker Marc Levin (SLAM Mr. Untouchable Brick City) exposes how the infiltration of crack cocaine destroyed inner-city neighborhoods across the country. At the center of it all is the rise fall and redemption of Freeway Rick Ross a street hustler who became the King of Crack and journalist Gary Webb who broke the story of the CIA’s complicity in the drug war. Featuring exclusive interviews with Freeway Rick Ross not to be confused with the rapper who took his name Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Gary Webb his source Coral Baca and wife Susan Webb former Los Angeles Deputy Sheriff Roberto Juarez drug trafficker Julio Zavala and many more.
"298445 Everyone thinks of Santa Claus as a magical figure without flaws but the men who keep his legend alive real-bearded professional Santas are nothing like the jolly ol' Saint Nick we've all grown up knowing. In reality the mall Santa in your cherished children's photo has problems just like the rest of us. Even the jolliest of men fall victim to divorce job loss insecurity and even the occasional hangover. 'I Am Santa Claus' is a documentary that follows the lives of five real-bearded professional Santa Clauses as they anticipate and prepare the coming holiday season while showing them for who they actually are flawed flesh and blood men who feel an overbearing responsibility to protect the integrity of the spotless untarnished reputation of the ""Red Suit."""
298533 It’s been a few years and there’s still not a lot going on 40 kilometers from nowhere. But that’s all about to change as the fine folks of Dog River Saskatchewan face their biggest crisis ever. Brent and the gang discover that the town’s been badly mismanaged leaving residents with little choice but to pack up and leave. As residents make one last rally to save Dog River as they know it they discover a devious plan by a corporate chain that would change life for Dog Riverites forever.
298582 Based on the true life story of California gymnast Ariana Berlin. As she zoned in on her Olympic goals 14 year old Ariana Berlin's life took a sharp turn when she was involved in a debilitating car accident. Gaining her confidence and movement back through learning hip hop dance she unexpectedly found herself called back to the gymnastics world thanks to world renowned UCLA Coach Valorie Kondos Field. With Val's help Ariana was eventually able to secure a spot on the UCLA gymnastics team and win an NCAA championship a lifelong goal that she had always dreamed of. This is a wonderfully inspiring story of persistence confidence and the heart and courage to make a somewhat impossible comeback in life.
"298589 Mary Horowitz is a normal high school senior who has just moved from Salem Massachusetts to a small corrupt town in New Jersey. Mary's life has not been going the way she planned. Her grandmother has passed away her best friend Kelly has been missing for almost two weeks and she suspects her boyfriend of cheating on the eve of her homecoming dance. A distraught Mary comes home to witness her family being brutally murdered. Being the only one to survive she is put in a psychiatric prison to be ""protected"". As two years pass by Mary realizes what really happened that night wasn't what she thought. As the plot unravels so does Mary. Her time in the ward has changed her into something evil a member of the walking dead. She realizes the truth and takes revenge on the town and on everyone that wronged her. Follow the life of Mary Horowitz as she becomes Mary Horror!"
298633 Mother and son Diane and Michael Ireland have just completed another successful medial mission trip to Mexico. Caring for children delivering supplies and of course Michael's cherished time with Marisol the love of his life. The plane arrives to take them home to Mission Air their home in Texas when a group of bandits attack in an effort to steal the plane. The bandits now formulate a plan to kidnap the Ireland's daughter and the crew must risk everything to save Sophie. There is a skirmish that ensues and the Irelands must rely on being protected by the armor of God in an effort to bring Sophie home. Action/Adventure that leaves you on the edge of your seat combined with faith and courage.
299239 90+ minutes of incredible music and dialogue by Steve Gadd with Will Lee Eddie Gomez the late Richard Tee and Jorge Dalto. This classic video will give you a behind-the-scenes look at masters at work as they arrange tunes work on grooves and play funk Latin reggae shuffles and ballads. This video comes with its own accompanying instructional booklet contains a wealth of teaching by simply showing Gadd playing his relentlessly impeccable licks in loose improvisatory jams and fleshing them out with illustrative voiceover comments.
"299532 Based on the hit ABC television series ""The Saddle Club"" ""Horse Crazy"" follows the adventures of several young girls on the Pine Hollows horse farm. Between school riding boys and typical adolescent drama the girls of the ranch are never bored. They're in for even more excitement however when Skye Ransom a teenage heartthrob comes to the farm to shoot a film. While most of the girls pine away over Skye Kristi and Megan have their eyes on a bigger prize--a real live grown cowboy."
299536 As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones artifacts of unimaginable power and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain.
299579 Northpole the magical city where Santa and his elves live and work is in trouble. Families around the globe have gotten too busy to enjoy the season together and Northpole depends on their holiday happiness to keep running. In the hopes of turning things around a determined young elf befriends a little boy with a lot of spirit. His skeptical journalist mom doesn’t have room in her heart for anything but the facts so it’s going to take a little nudge from his charming teacher to create an unbeatable Christmas team to turn around this town and share the importance of the season with the whole world.
299754 1. Hello Hooray 2. House Of Fire 3. No More Mr Nice Guy 4. Under My Wheels 5. I'll Bite Your Face Off 6. Billion Dollar Babies 7. Caffeine 8. Department Of Youth 9. Hey Stoopid 10. Dirty Diamonds 11. Welcome To My Nightmare 12. Go To Hell 13. He's Back (The Man Behind The Mask) 14. Feed My Frankenstein 15. Ballad Of Dwight Fry 16. Killer 17. I Love The Dead 18. Break On Through 19. My Generation 20. I'm Eighteen 21. Poison 22. School's Out/Another Brick In The Wall
"299844 For the first time ever some of the all-time greatest performances from one of history's most unique artists are collected in one place on DVD. Roy Orbison may not have had the gyrating hips of Elvis to make the crowds go wild by what he did possess was a voice so uncannily emotional and honest that his audience would sit in total silence savoring every note and hanging on every word While Roy's formidable songwriting skills could make virtually any singer sound good when applied to his beautifully peculiar pipes his creations simply soared. Featuring his timeless classics ""Only the Lonely"" ""You Got It"" ""Crying"" ""Pretty Woman"" and many more this is Roy Orbison at his absolute finest. With special guest appearances by k.d. lang Bruce Springsteen Elvis Costello Jackson Browne and many more!"
"300117 The Color Of Noise  The Color of Noise is a full length documentary about the Artist Haze XXL (Tom Hazelmyer) and his notorious record label Amphetamine Reptile Records. Throughout the 80's and 90's the label would achieve almost cult like status for being adventurous and daring in the midst of a time where ""safe"" punk rock would rule the airwaves with a newly accepted style of music by the mainstream college goers Grunge. Though with AmRep not only a roster of the most outrageous performers would find a home but also a legion of poster artists who broke all of the rules. Armed with a computer and an aesthetic of bold imagery an artist would emerge in Hazelmyer. This is an American mid-west story about a man who created his own path far from the norm and how he brought along with him countless others who would achieve greatness by sheer proximity and participation. This is the true American underground."
300190 This course provides the core knowledge to begin programming in any language. Simon Allardice uses JavaScript to explore the core syntax of a programming language and shows how to write and execute your first application and understand what's going on under the hood. The course covers creating small programs to explore conditions loops variables and expressions; working with different kinds of data and seeing how they affect memory; writing modular code; and how to debug all using different approaches to constructing software applications.  Finally the course compares how code is written in several different languages the libraries and frameworks that have grown around them and the reasons to choose each one.
300192 Most modern programming languages such as Java C# Ruby and Python are object-oriented languages which help group individual bits of code into a complex and coherent application. However object-orientation itself is not a language; it's simply a set of ideas and concepts.  Let Simon Allardice introduce you to the terms—words like abstraction inheritance polymorphism subclass—and guide you through defining your requirements and identifying use cases for your program. The course also covers creating conceptual models of your program with design patterns class and sequence diagrams and unified modeling language (UML) tools and then shows how to convert the diagrams into code.
300194 Join author David Gassner as he explores Java SE (Standard Edition) the language used to build mobile apps for Android devices enterprise server applications and more. This course demonstrates how to install both Java and the Eclipse IDE and dives into the particulars of programming. The course also explains the fundamentals of Java from creating simple variables assigning values and declaring methods to working with strings arrays and subclasses; reading and writing to text files; and implementing object oriented programming concepts.
"300377 ZZ Top might seem like something of a challenge for the VH1 ""Storytellers"" series because while this Texas blues-rock band has a secure spot in music history its three members don't have a reputation for being all that chatty. Billy Gibbons and Dusty Hill - the two bearded guys out front - are droll and funny. So is drummer Frank Beard the one without a beard. But they've mostly let their music talk over the 40 years they've been playing together. This show comes across more as a ZZ Top greatest-hits concert which certainly won't disappoint ZZ Top fans. Few bands have been as consistent in their sound over the years and there's no let down in this performance. Originally aired: 27 June 2009. Set List: 1. Just Got Paid; 2. La Grange; 3. Jesus Just Left Chicago; Gimme All Your Lovin'; 5. Tush; 6. Sharp Dressed Man"
300480 On 27th November 2013 Simple Mindsplayed a very special concert and filmed it at the brand new award-winning venue the SSE Hydro Glasgow the first concert to be filmed there. To an enthusiastic home audience the band delivers rousing versions of hit after hit after hit. 1. Intro 2. Waterfront 3. Broken Glass Park 4. I Travel 5. All The Things She Said 6. Promised You A Miracle 7. Glittering Prize 8. Theme For Great Cities 9. Mandela Day 10. Someone Somewhere In Summertime 11. The American 12. Love Song 13. See The Lights 14. Don’t You (Forget About Me) 15. New Gold Dream (81 82 83 84) 16. Big Music 17. Sanctify Yourself 18. Alive And Kicking.
300624 To celebrate its 250th anniversary this documentary tells the story of one of the world’s greatest museums from its foundation by Catherine the Great though to its status today as a breathtakingly beautiful complex which includes the Winter Palace. Showcasing a vast collection of the world’s greatest artworks together with contemporary art galleries and exhibitions it holds over 3 million treasures and world class masterpieces in stunning architectural settings. This is its journey from Imperial Palace to State Museum encompassing a sometimes troubled past surviving both the Revolution in 1916 and the siege of Leningrad by the Nazis in 1941-44.
300664 Welcome to the grand opening of Minnie's sparkling-new store packed with the coolest bows and bow ties you've ever seen! Watch as Daisy's amazing mood bow magically changes colors. Say Cheese and smile for Donald's camera bow tie and help catch a bunch of runaway butterfly bows. It looks like there's something here for everyone...But Pete has a problem: He wants to get a present for his Aunt Mabel and he's never shopped for ladies' bows before. He'll need a lot of help from Minnie Toodles and YOU to find the perfect gift. Then join your Clubhouse pals for a daytime sleepover a picnic in Mickey Park and more exciting adventures. If fun and fashion are what you seek you'll love MINNIE'S BOW-TIQUE!
300686 A young woman Chloe living by her wits on the streets of New York City has a chance meeting with a wise Inuit Eskimo Theo who was sent to New York by his elders to provide a message to the people of the world – We either change our destructive was or be destroyed by them. Chloe who has been searching for something to believe in becomes inspired by Theo and  with the help of a kind lawyer Monica the three of them present Theo’s story to the United Nations in hopes of creating a better future for all of us.
"300843 When a homeless man interrupts the comfortable routine of First Church of Raymond life will never be the same for the apathetic congregation. Convicted by the vagrant's words Pastor Henry Maxwell Rachel Winslow Virginia Page Alex Powers and Jasper Chase are thrust into a journey of discovering what life is like beyond ""Christianity as usual."" But as they find themselves opposed by family strife church politics and scorned lovers will they be able to keep their commitment or will they be dragged back into fruitless lives?"
"300998 The legend of comedy returns in 2014 with his biggest and funniest show yet.  Monsters is the frightening funny new Live DVD from one of the biggest names in British comedy filmed during his ambitious 2014 tour.  Lee’s manic energy uncanny observations hilarious delivery and side-splitting material have made his live performances a must-see for comedy fans worldwide and Monsters sees Lee back doing what he does best live on stage proving once again why he is a record-breaking comic and one of the nation’s best!  ""The must see comedy event of the autumn"" ***** - Daily Telegraph  ""Stand-up doesn't get much bigger"" - Evening Standard"
301049 To win the celebrity and self-made wealth he craves an aimless twenty-something Manhattan playboy devises a film based on his party-boy club-going lifestyle and hires a self-destructive aspiring playwright to ghost the feature script. As the mismatched pair struggles to complete the script and get a handle on their misdirected lives they reveal the sometimes comedic sometimes tragic behaviors of 'Generation Y'- a generation taught to believe each was incomparably special and messianically gifted. Though they begin to vie for the affections of the same girl and their chance at success and happiness threatens to crumble they ultimately each find their own unique life truths.
301056 An extraordinary spell-binding journey through the realms of nature to discover that the natural world is stranger more magical more mystical than anything you could possibly imagine. You'll be propelled from enchanted forests to the edge of the underworld from a paranormal planet into fantastical seas from celestial mountains through mercurial waters finally to experience the ultimate celebration of nature's magic the greatest gathering of wildlife on Earth. You won't believe your eyes or ears as you meet amazing creatures and experience nature as it's never been seen before eye-to-eye with the creatures on an adventure where you will truly believe the real world is more extraordinary and awe-inspiring than any fiction.
301131 Since her arrival in Ponyville Twilight Sparkle has learned the true meaning and value of friendship. With her very best friends (Rainbow Dash Rarity Pinkie Pie Apple Jack Fluttershy and of course Spike) Twilight goes on the greatest of adventures and comes back with even more lessons. All of this has earned Twilight her wings and the crown of a princess and now you can learn what Princess Twilight Sparkle has learned and take with you the Keys Of Friendship.
301225 Twenty-something Alan (Gleeson) is down on his luck. Stood up at the altar and recently fired from his banking job he finds himself working with his mother as a part-time tourist advisor at Dublin Airport. It's there he comes face to face with first love Alice (Paré) stuck on standby for a flight home to New York. Their summer romance ended eight years previously with Alan promising to return to the US one day. He never did and they haven't spoken since. Seizing his chance Alan convinces a reluctant Alice to stay one more night in Dublin. Over the course of an unforgettable evening they may just realise that they are more compatible than ever. But time is running out on this brief encounter. When does an unexpected second chance become the one you've always been looking for?  - Written by Wildcard Distribution
301235 In 2013 Jeremy Clarkson and Richard Hammond embarked on what they hoped would be the perfect road trip. It started well and ended quite frankly very badly.  Unbowed the Top Gear pair are back for another crack and this time they're hoping to avoid inconveniences like apprehension by the French police. Welcome then to The Perfect Road Trip... 2.  Once again Clarkson and Hammond are seeking joy and perfection wherever it may be with a range of fast beautiful and exciting cars unleashed on glorious roads amongst gorgeous scenery and drenched in Mediterranean sunshine.  As part of their arduous research into perfection the duo will also undertake some ridiculous challenges and hilarious stunts culminating in a strangely literal car race on the island of Capri.  Top Gear - The Perfect Road Trip 2. This time it really is perfect. Except for the bits that aren't.
301351 Young Cole Carter dreams of hitting the big time as a Hollywood disc jockey spending his days and nights hanging with buddies and working on the one track that will set the world on fire. Opportunity comes knocking when he meets James Reed a charismatic DJ who takes the 23-year-old under his wing. Soon his seemingly clear path to success gets complicated when he starts falling for his mentor's girlfriend jeopardizing his new friendship and the future he seems destined to fulfill.
301373 With Millions of albums sold and their place in the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame solidified the Pretenders are a special band with a special place in history. Pretenders: Live in London captures their many electrifying performances from their 2009 world tour.  I was asked for the set list...  here goes  Boots of Chinese Plastic  Don't cut your hair  Talk of the Town  Message of Love  Kid  The Nothing Maker  Don't lose your faith in me  Back on the Chain Gang  Love's A Mystery  Rosalee  I Go To Sleep  Don't Get Me wrong  Tequila  Stop Your Sobbing  Day After Day  Cuban Slide  Break up the Concrete  Thumbelina  Middle of the Road  The Wait  Tattooed Love Boys  Precious  I'll Stand By You  Brass In Pocket
301378 After a legendary mountain man's tragic death in the remote Alaskan wilderness ( J. J. Johnson ) two of his four sons set off to find their father's gold treasure as set forth by the provisions left in his will . It soon turns into an epic journey through the remote back country of Alaska. They run into a band of notorious cut-throat river rats determined to claim the gold for themselves. Filmed on location in the wilds of Alaska it's got Hollywood all over it ! Outdoors hunting bad guys moving to the wilderness and GOLD ! With a bit of greed mixed in. It's a great storyline.
"301429 Thirty-something geek Tom Stewart has always loved cheap old horror and monster movies. He's decided to pursue a dream to create a horror host TV show in an age when infomercials are more important to local television stations than original programming. When TV60-WPM gives Tom his chance his struggle begins leading to unexpected and unwanted compromises in all aspects of his life. Before long Tom wonders if the show's slowly growing success is worth the pain it takes to get there...but he doesn't have to shoulder the burdens alone. ""Thriller Theater!"" is a gently comedic feel-good movie about the struggle to find a balance between ""real life"" and the pursuit of one's creative dreams."
301436 I have to give it up to Howie Day for putting on an amazing one man show. I've never seen a performance quite like it. He samples his own vocals and guitar riffs live on stage. Then he loops them seamlessly together. Before you know it you have what sounds like some percussion a rhythm guitar a lead guitar a bass guitar and layered up vocals (all by himself). He basically brought his studio to the stage. He does it so incredibly well. He has some undeniable talent not only with instruments but also in the studio producing.  I own both of his studio albums; Australia and Stop All The World Now; both quality releases. But if you want to see how truly talented Howie Day is; you must get this DVD. It's only 30 minutes long but it will keep you on the edge of your seat for the entire 30 minutes.
301486 I can shoot ink out of my fingers. That's about it really. Sometimes in pressure situations I can shoot it out of my toes.' When Squid Man gets downsized out of the Superhero Society he's forced to crash on the couch of his former sidekick (and only friend) Warren. Now he spends his time boozing in a dead end bar reminiscing about the days when the hero groupies were plentiful and even a second-rater like him could sometimes save the universe. But when a reporter wants to include him in an upcoming book about superheroes Squid Man is forced to face the dark mysteries of his past... and the even more unsettling idea that he might actually have a future.
302119 Deck the halls and ring in the season! It may be the coldest day of winter but it's also the warmest merriest adventure ever for SOFIA THE FIRST. Welcome to the most magical time of the year! This is Sofia's first Winter Holiday in the castle with her new family but when King Roland goes missing in a raging snowstorm Sofia leads her mother Amber and James on a brave expedition aboard a flying sleigh to find him. As the blizzard whirls around them their hopes are nearly dashed -- until Princess Aurora appears and reminds Sofia that her animal friends might hold the key to finding her dad and reuniting her family. Sparkling with festive fun -- plus four additional song-filled episodes -- HOLIDAY IN ENCHANCIA celebrates the greatest gift of all: spending special days with the people you love!
"302596 ""Chile On Hell"" was filmed at the Teatro Caupolican in Santiago Chile on May 10 2013 and features Anthrax - Joey Belladonna/vocals Scott Ian/guitar Charlie Benante/drums Frank Bello/bass and Jon Donais/lead guitar. The band performed an extended set that featured songs from Anthrax's entire catalogue - all the fan-favorites including ""I Am The Law"" ""Indians"" ""Madhouse"" ""Caught In A Mosh"" ""The Devil You Know"" and ""I'm Alive."" ""Santiago was the perfect place to film the show for this"" said Anthrax's Charlie Benante. ""When we'd played there in the past we'd finish our set play our encore and go back to the dressing room. But every time the fans would continue to scream and cheer and clap. I mean they went on and on they wouldn't stop. One time Scott and I walked out to the side of the stage just to watch what was going on in the audience it was intense. Why wouldn't we want to film a DVD in front of an audience like that?"
302626 THE WAR WITHIN is a unique fantasy that takes viewers to a world that only God can see; the world of the inner man. Michael Sinclair (Brett Varvel) is a syndicated cartoonist whose dream of a perfect life is upended when tragic events transform his dream into a nightmare. The result is a war that wages within his soul which is personified by six members; Mind Memory Emotion Will Conscience and Heart. The ensuing battle for control adversely effects his relationship with his wife Amy (Rebecca Reid) and causes Michael to doubt his faith in God. But in the midst of this spiritual test Michael discovers that victory is found in surrender. As viewers follow the quest for answers inside of Michael they may discover their own war within.
302658 Pioneers In Aviation comes on a single DVD containing three one hour-long episodes - covering the history of American aviation from the Wright Brothers to the very frontiers of Space. The series was aired by PBS in 2012 and won an Emmy Award nomination. 'PIONEERS IN AVIATION . . . is an aviation buff's dream richly detailed with the sort of footage often missing from historical films.' John Levesque — Seattle Post Intelligencer 'Highly recommended for its exceptional quality and content.' Library Journal
302960 It's one giant step for dog-kind as Scooby-Doo and the Gang blast off for an epic other-worldly adventure in this all-new original movie! After winning the last 5 seats in a lottery Scooby-Doo Shaggy Fred Daphne and Velma are off to space in billionaire Sly Baron's brand new ship the Sly Star One. It's all gravity-free fun until a mysterious alien begins destroying the ship! As the ship breaks down the crew is forced to land on Sly Baron's base... on the dark side of the moon! Will the gang unravel this alien mystery? Will Scooby-Doo and Shaggy find snacks on the moon? Will Fred ever take his space helmet off?! Journey to the outer limits with Scooby-Doo to find out!
"303098 Produced in 2009 by ESPN for its ""30 for 30"" series ""The U"" was a look at all that was good and bad about the rise of the University of Miami's football program in the 1980s. But that wasn't the end of the story. ""The U Part 2"" picks up where the original film left off with the program trying to recover from the devastation left by NCAA sanctions and scandals that had some calling for the school to drop football. The Hurricanes rose from those ashes to win another national championship only to face new controversies when a booster used a Ponzi scheme to win favor with the program."
303733 Erra Bus (For English: Red Bus) is a 2014 Tollywood movie which is directed and produced by veteran actor and director Dasari Narayana Rao under his banner Tharaka Prabhu Films. The movie features Vishnu Manchu and Catherine Tresa in lead roles. Dasari Narayana Rao plays a crucial role in the movie. Chakri has composed the music for the movie while Anji has taken care of the cinematography. The movie is a remake of N. Ragavan’s Tamil film Manjapai (2014). The principal photography of Erra Bus started on July 28 2014 in Hyderabad. The audio for this movie launched on 31 October 2014.  The movie released on November 14 2014.
305464 Verdi’s IL TROVATORE again storms the Met stage in a star-studded anvil-wielding cast  including Sondra Radvanovsky Dolora Zajick and Dmitri Hvorostovsky. Marcelo Įlvarez sings Manrico the troubadour of the title. The story is well-known already: The gypsy Azucena has harbored a grudge for thirty years but she is about to have revenge at last. Meanwhile her son Manrico is in love with Leonora but so is his arch-enemy the Count Di Luna. A pot-boiler where every tune is a hit.
305514 He experiments in a darkroom. She composes on a computer screen. Together husband-and-wife artists Jerry Uelsmann and Maggie Taylor create haunting layered dreamscapes that push the boundaries of photography's possibilities. This documentary explores both the technical and emotional aspects of Jerry's and Maggie's work from the composition to the criticism with insight from other preeminent voices in photography. Step inside the artists' quiet Florida compound for a peek at their complementary work contrasting processes and inspiration-seeking expeditions through an alligator-dwelling swamp.
305605 In a spectacular performance that finds SEPULTURA accompanied throughout by the French industrial percussion group Les Tambours du Bronx notorious for beating 225-liter barrels with beech wood bats or even axe handles the show was recorded from the band’s main stage appearance at the legendary Rock In Rio gala in 2013. Featuring SEPULTURA’s most revered tunes including “Refuse/Resist” “Territory” and “Roots Bloody Roots” which sees the audience chanting the entire cut from beginning to end the sheer volume of sound percussive enormity and powerful presentation sets this release apart from any previous SEPULTURA concert offering to date. In addition the DVD includes an exclusive documentary of behind-the-scenes preparation with interviews rehearsal and sound-check footage and clips of the band just seconds before they hit the stage. - Nuclear Blast
305672 Young female police officer Nurgül Özdemir lives her life in a rural environment. When she gets asked for an undercover mission in Amsterdam she grabs the opportunity to get out of the problems this place is giving her. She leaves her homesick father and dependent mother behind in an attempt to find out what she really wants with her life. In Amsterdam Nurgül gets to play a key role in the exposure of a drugdealer and learns what it is to be an undercover agent. During the mission she finds out the secrets about her long lost brother and discovers the real reason why she was sent to Amsterdam
305872 Following five series of the highly acclaimed double-Sony Award winning and Writers Guild Award winning Radio 4 comedy show Mark Steel's In Town writer and stand-up comedian Mark Steel at last brings out a DVD filmed this year on one of his hugely successful UK tours. Mark Steel has presented the BAFTA nominated Mark Steel Lectures for BBC Two is a regular on BBC One's Have I Got News For You and Radio 4's News Quiz. He's written several acclaimed books including: Reasons To Be Cheerful and What's Going On and he writes a weekly column for The Independent. Filmed in South London's Blackheath Halls in February 2014.
305988 Professional golfer David Leadbetter uses his twenty-five-plus years of experience on the green to help players of all abilities lower their scores and streamline their game. In working with such top golfers as Ernie Els Nick Faldo and Greg Norman Leadbetter has uncovered some of the most effective means of helping golfers realize their true potential ever. Now home viewers can get the same instruction as the professionals as Leadbetter brings his illuminating lessons home with this release that covers the tee to the green and virtually everything in between.
306005 Everything Will Change is a feature-length documentary concert film of The Postal Service’s performance at the Greek Theater in Berkeley CA during their 2013 reunion tour.  A collaboration between Benjamin Gibbard (of Death Cab for Cutie) and Jimmy Tamborello (from Dntel) with Rilo Kiley’s Jenny Lewis The Postal Service released Give Up their one and only album in 2003. That record went on to sell over a million copies and most of the band’s fans never had the chance to see them perform live.  In celebration of the 10-year anniversary of Give Up the band reunited to tour the world. With intimate interviews and backstage footage of the band Everything Will Change captures one of the nights when everything did change.
306207 One day one moment one idea can change lives. Noah Davis is a Pastor in an affluent community. Depressed after losing his wife to illness he is contacted by an old friend who has opened a mission in a rough inner city neighborhood. With Christmas approaching he packs up and together with his two daughters moves into Salvation Street Mission. Now the family must struggle with the challenges they face in the crime ridden community. Noah's inspiration guides his daughters the mission and the neighborhood by bringing them the greatest gift of all hope.
"306221 Despite the attention paid to the U.S. Navy SEALs (Sea Air and Land) since their daring takedown of Osama bin Laden few know the story of how the first U.S. Navy frogmen became the renowned warriors of today. NAVY SEALs--THEIR UNTOLD STORY details their fascinating transformation and the people who made this story happen. Discover how these clandestine commandoes morphed with evolving threats from Hitler to bin Laden. The Navy's first special warfare units date back to World War II and without them much of U.S. and world history would have been written differently from the beaches of Normandy to the Pacific theater Korea Vietnam Iraq and Afghanistan. Through firsthand accounts and never-before-seen footage this unprecedented documentary recounts many of the ticking-clock missions of the ""Commandoes of the Deep."""
306241 Anita is a successful single woman who has it all - a great job a loving family and the ability to pay for her baby sister's wedding. According to her best friend however there's only one thing missing...the love of a good man. At her friend's insistence she meets the seemingly perfect man online and all seems well until he convinces her to get married in Las Vegas and her life quickly spirals out of control. Can she regain the upper hand or will the tides turn for the worse?
306482 On the edge of a crumbling city 11-year-old Alexander lives in a sequestered commune alongside other children their mothers and charismatic leader Gregori. Gregori teaches the children how to raise livestock grow vegetables work as a community - and how to kill. With the birth of a new baby brother weighing on his mind Alexander begins to question Gregori’s overpowering influence on the children and their training to become assassins. Threatened by his increasing unwillingness to fall in line Gregori’s behavior turns erratic and adversarial toward the child he once considered a son. With the two set dangerously at odds and the commune’s way of life disintegrating the residents fear a violent resolution is at hand.
"306546 ""Guns God And Government - Live In L.A."" was filmed on the last night of the world tour in support of the ""Holy Wood"" album. When originally released on DVD in 2002 the visual footage of ""Guns God And Government"" was taken from numerous concerts around the world during the tour set to the audio soundtrack from the Los Angeles show. Now for the first time this Blu-ray presents the original high-definition L.A. footage and soundtrack together as a cohesive concert film. The spectacular staging the costumes the lighting and the charismatic presence of Marilyn Manson himself combine to make this the ultimate live Marilyn Manson release."
306667 What’s the matter with Kathy (Jordan Trovillion Highland Park)? She’s your typical 17 year-old girl in search of something more in her life. It seems the only place she is going to find it is at Horse Camp. Her father Luke (Dean Cain Lois &amp; Clark: The New Adventures of Superman) recognizes that she’s got it in her blood a sensibility in her being - she understands horses just as much as they understand her. But at Horse Camp there is much more to learn not only about horses but about people and the many challenges of friendship.
"307109 Algren will spotlight the hard-knock life and authentic creative legacy of one of the most underrated writers of the twentieth century Nelson Algren. Algren's brutally honest portrayal of the American underclass and his hard-nosed lifestyle became his pathway to compassion. Through interviews with Algren contemporaries experts and ""literary soulmates"" as well as through the photography of Algren's friends Art Shay and Stephen Deutch the film will tell his story. It will celebrate his tremendous contribution to and influence on American letters and push Algren champion of the marginalized out from the margins."
307257 British Comedy Award-Winning ‘King of Comedy’ Jack Whitehall confirms his status as one of the UK’s hottest comedy talents in his all new live stand-up show Jack Whitehall Gets Around filmed at the end of his March 2014 tour in front of a capacity crowd at Wembley Arena. Featuring over 90 minutes of new material performed in a unique ‘in the round’ setting on a circular stage at the centre of the arena a UK first for a solo stand-up tour this is Jack’s most ambitious live show to date.
307467 When Jules begins seeing an owl outside his window every night his friends Aaron and Dawson make every attempt to help him. It quickly becomes apparent however that things are bigger than Jules and his manic visions.  Soon the powers of circumstance bring Carrie a transcendent dreamer into their inner most friend group and they begin to realize that none of it was by happenstance. It isn’t long and all 4 of them have witnessed the bizarre terror of the owl and now it’s a question of what instead of how.
"307644 This movie follows the efforts of three kids coming from unprivileged families. They are small children with big hopes and dreams.  Amir is a young boy who lives with his mother and sister. He sells newspapers to help his family with the daily expenses. One day he reads a newspaper and decides to enter a painting competition. The name of the paper he is going to do his painting for is ""Rooster Trademark"".  Ali is Amir's best friend. His passion is football and he works in a bakery. Every day between his jobs he goes to a football field where young boys practice to become professional football players.  Maryam is Amir's sister. She is a creative girl and dreams of becoming a filmmaker.  Will the three manage to achieve their goals?"
307946 Laney is an attractive intelligent suburban wife and devoted mother of two adorable children. She has the perfect husband who plays basketball with the kids in the driveway a pristine house and a shiny SUV for carting the children to their next activity. However just beneath the faēade lie depression and disillusionment that send her careening into a secret world of reckless compulsion. Only very real danger will force her to face the painful root of her destructiveness and its crumbling effect on those she loves.
307951 Simon Evans debut DVD is a master class in aloof patrician observational stand up. To the delight of a packed audience the star of Live At The Apollo and Stand Up For The Week brings a little polish to the Theatre Royal Brighton. Evans looks back at his life and times from his early days in London to his family life by the seaside. Along the way his reflections are as ever as dry and delicious as a good Sancerre or perhaps a really good radish.
307956 Comedy legend Jim Davidson returns with his brand new DVD Back & Live! filmed during his No Further Action UK tour. Jim takes a wry look at what life is like under investigation in the public eye as he tells the story of his year from hell following his arrest by Operation Yewtree detectives. He gives an honest and witty account of fighting to clear his name subsequently having all allegations against him dropped and winning the heart of the nation all over again when he was crowned the winner of the most successful series of Big Brother by a landslide public vote. Hear the outrageous unseen stories of the Celebrity Big Brother house and what Jim really thought about his fellow housemates!
308141 The revelation of a spellbinding secret sets in motion the most thrilling adventure in the history of SOFIA THE FIRST! After learning that the Amulet of Avalor is magical Amber snatches it while Sofia is sleeping. Unfortunately she unwittingly unleashes a curse that summons evil Princess Ivy who threatens to destroy the amulet seize the crown and turn the entire kingdom black-and-white! Soar through the skies with Amber and Sofia -- aided by special guest Rapunzel -- as they embark on a daring quest to defeat Ivy break the curse and save Enchancia. Packed with high-flying excitement plus three more song-filled episodes THE CURSE OF PRINCESS IVY shows how love trust and unselfishly putting others' needs first can truly work magic!
308555 Katutura deals with the struggle of everyday life in the township. There is crime drug abuse violence but it also shows the strength of the community as well as the bustling creativity in the place otherwise known as the place where we do not belong. Katutura follows a group characters experiencing the gravity of living in a township. Ex-convict Dangi has to deal with living a law-abiding life an extramarital son and an old flame who his wife doesn`t know about. Gangster Shivago explores a new market to sell his drugs and Kondja a teenager in a wheelchair who helps street kids falls in love for the first time. Their paths intertwine and their lives collide in both hopeful and brutal ways.
308686 With a duty to deliver every last letter before Christmas the beloved quartet of post office detectives—Oliver Shane Rita and Norman—are working around the clock to redirect Santa’s mail just as Oliver runs into his former Sunday school teacher. When they receive an emotional last-minute plea not meant for Saint Nick but instead written to God they must delay their own travel plans to make sure one little girl doesn’t lose her Christmas joy—something Oliver and Shane are also struggling to find as they each face painful holiday memories. With a little guidance from a mysterious post office volunteer Jordan the Postables are more surprised than anyone to discover they've been a part of more than one miracle on this Christmas Eve.
"308688 Over the years the funky divas of En Vogue have gone their separate ways until they are asked to perform a benefit concert to save the club that made them stars. They put aside their hesitations to reunite for the special night but first must overcome their challenging history with Marty (David Alan Grier ""In Living Color"") their former manager and the man responsible for breaking them up. In the spirit of the holidays the ladies find forgiveness and come together for an epic En Vogue Christmas concert to keep the club from closing its doors forever. Stars Terry Ellis Cindy Herron Rhona Bennett as themselves and features some of En Vogue’s biggest hits and two new original songs. Genelle Williams also stars."
"309043 Samantha Trina and Rain are three sexy friends who form ""The Cheater's Club"" an agency designed to help women expose their men who have been accused of cheating and encourage the men through unconventional methods to change their adulterous ways. Olive played by Eva Marcille runs the agency while the ladies execute the operation and set the traps for the un-expecting men! The ladies use their feminine wiles to expose the cheaters at almost any costs. Women hire them to answer that nagging question ""Is my man cheating""? Eventually the ladies decide to take things up a notch by kidnapping imprisoning and torturing the men into forcing confessions. Samantha the leader of the group takes things too far and as she flashes back to her own personal pain and ultimately someone pays a price for their action that changes everyone forever."
309242 Gerry is a talented but down-on-his-luck gambler whose fortunes begin to change when he meets Curtis a younger highly charismatic poker player.  The two strike up an immediate friendship and Gerry quickly persuades his new friend to accompany him on a road trip to a legendary high stakes poker game in New Orleans. As they make their way down the Mississippi River Gerry and Curtis manage to find themselves in just about every bar racetrack casino and pool hall they can find experiencing both incredible highs and dispiriting lows but ultimately forging a deep and genuine bond that will stay with them long after their adventure is over.
309299 Yale University 1961. Stanley Milgram designs a psychology experiment that still resonates to this day in which people think they’re delivering painful electric shocks to an affable stranger strapped into a chair in another room. Despite his pleads for mercy the majority of subjects don’t stop the experiment administering what they think is a near-fatal electric shock simply because they’ve been told to do so. With Nazi Adolf Eichmann’s trial airing in living rooms across America Milgram strikes a nerve in popular culture and the scientific community with his exploration into people’s tendency to comply with authority. Celebrated in some circles he is also accused of being a deceptive manipulative monster but his wife Sasha stands by him through it all.
309770 Medieval Europe: Father Christmas is a fading memory after Christmas hasn't come for several years.  A young orphan girl Ayden receives a magic crystal from a dying elf with a warning that the North has lost its magic and that she alone can save Christmas.  Ayden and her orphan friends begin a perilous journey and must escape dragons goblins bandits ogres and other fantasy creatures as they team up with Airk the wayward son of Father Christmas to return a stolen Christmas orb to the North.  When Santa's magic cannot overpower the growing Snarl (an evil forest with tentacle branches) Ayden and Airk must deliver Christmas on a sleigh pulled by a young dragon fulfilling Christmas wishes for children to restore Santa's magic and save Christmas.
"309882 A debate rages over the credibility of the Bible. Most archaeologists today have concluded that there's no evidence that the Exodus of Israelite slaves from Egypt ever happened. Filmmaker Timothy Mahoney faces a crisis of faith: ""Is this foundation event of the Bible really just a myth?"" He embarks on a 12-year journey around the world to search for answers.  Patterns of Evidence: The Exodus unlocks the mystery of this ancient saga combining a scientific investigation with a retelling of the Exodus story to reveal an amazing pattern of evidence matching the biblical account that may challenge our understanding of history. It features stunning animations narration by Kevin Sorbo (God's not dead Hercules: The Legendary Journey) interviews with leading archaeologists such as Israel Finkelstein Kent Weeks and David Rohl and guest appearances by Israel's Benjamin Netanyahu and Shimon Peres."
309894 Following the huge success of Good Mourning Mrs Brown & Mrs Brown Rides Again Agnes takes to the stage again with another live tour of the popular comedy Mrs Brown's Boys. Brendan O'Carroll Eilish O'Carroll and Jennifer Gibney star in For The Love Of Mrs Brown. A few days before Valentine's Day Agnes is feeling down in the dumps. Even Granddad has a date. She is advised by Cathy to find a date over the internet. Meanwhile Rory has found a small capsule of LSD tablets at the salon and needs to find the owner so he can fire them. However Mrs. Brown walks in on him talking to Dermot about it and he is forced to tell her they are for indigestion. She stores them in the cupboard until she gets a case of indegestion a few days later….
"309924 After the Ball a retail fairy tale set in the world of fashion. Kate's dream is to design for couturier houses. Although she is a bright new talent Kate can't get a job. No one trusts the daughter of Lee Kassell a retail guru who markets clothes ""inspired"" by the very designers Kate wants to work for. Who wants a spy among the sequins and stilettos? Reluctantly Kate joins the family business where she must navigate around her duplicitous stepmother and two wicked stepsisters. But with the help of a prince of a guy in the shoe department her godmother's vintage clothes and a shocking switch of identities Kate exposes the evil trio saves her father's company -- and proves that everyone can wear a fabulous dress."
310319 Every story needs a brave and trustworthy guide and Deli Man’s is the effusive and charming Ziggy Gruber a third-generation delicatessen man - his uncle and great-uncle owned Berger’s in the diamond district and the Woodrow Deli on Long Island. His grandfather owned the famous Rialto Delicatessen on Broadway and Ziggy was stuffing cabbages atop of a crate when he was eight. Now he is owner and maven (as well as a Yiddish-speaking French trained chef) of one of the country’s top delis Kenny and Ziggy’s in Houston – yes Texas…Shalom y’all. Of course the story of deli isn’t Ziggy’s alone. Deli Man has visited meccas like the Carnegie Katz’s 2nd Avenue Deli Nate ‘n Al and Canter’s as well as interviewed some of the great connoisseurs of deli including Jerry Stiller Alan Dershowitz Freddie Klein Dennis Howard Jay Parker (Ben’s Best) Fyvush Finkel and Larry King.  - ComingSoon.net
310680 The future has never looked better for Derrick Reed. Bachelorhood is great he has a group of guys he can really call friends and he's the publisher of a magazine that he named after his philosophy of life Happily Single. Little does Derrick know appearing on Atlanta's hottest radio station morning talk show to promote his new magazine he is about to go on a whirl-wind ride which will eventually take him to the heart of a woman who will change his life forever. He finds the perfect woman and the perfect reason to stop womanizing and make a commitment. This mystery woman is about to have a lasting impact on Derrick's life by changing the way he thinks and feels about women and relationships.
311157 Inspired by the best-selling books this charming series follows the adventures of Little Nutbrown Hare and his father Big Nutbrown Hare reminding us that there is no greater love than that between a parent and child. In these seven fun-filled episodes Little Nutbrown Hare goes about exploring the meadow and playing with his friends all the while learning valuable life lessons such as the importance of friendship learning from mistakes embracing differences in one another and much more.  Episodes:Hidden Treasure Finder s Keepers It s Okay Slip Slop Slide Inside Day Where's Little Redwood Fox? and Snowflake.
311181 Romance novelist Liam Bradley (Dylan Bruce) has already found massive success with three books written under the pen name Gabriel August but he's mysteriously unknown to his legions of readers. With his first book written as a way to heal after a broken relationship Liam has slowly become disheartened with writing strictly for romantic fantasy something evident to a sweet but honest journalist who reviews books Sophie Atkinson (Amy Acker) whom he meets by chance on a plane. The two begin a tentative relationship in Sophie’s home town of Portland Oregon where Liam has come to find inspiration for his newest entry.  Liam’s agent puts him on the spot with a long-planned reveal of Gabriel August’s true identity but Sophie doesn’t know of his public persona. The longer Liam avoids telling her the truth the deeper a hole he digs for himself. Will their romance survive once his true identity comes to light?
"311414 Corazon (Boots Anson Roa) an old Filipina who lives in Boston wrote to each Manuel Pineda in her home a letter. She hopes to find her love again. In the Philippines experiences of the old Manuel Pineda (Eddie Garcia) meanwhile that he has cancer and has only months to live. He goes in search of his Corazon.There were two Corazons in his life: before the Second World War he spent (Mark Herras) and his buddy Domingo (Polo Ravales) a lot of time with the shy ""Cora"" (Jennylyn Mercado) and the lively "" Azon ""(Pauline Luna)."
311612 Darrell is a well trained prison bitch looking forward to a night alone in his cell getting jacked on the drugs he's had smuggled in when a riot erupts on the floors above. To separate the offenders three of the inmates are placed in Darrell's cell. Always up for a laugh Darrell teases flirts and annoys his fellow cellies Seth &amp; Lanks until a new boy is placed with them and becomes prey to these wild animals. Nothing short of offensive and disgusting these boys are savage and hell bent on abusing insulting and degrading each other throughout the night. 4 Boys One Room &amp; Pure Hell in the Cell this trashy British arthouse throwback captures the reality of the 80s.
311686 Raw 1000 was a television special that was broadcast live on July 23 2012 airing on USA Network (in the U.S.) celebrating the 1000th episode of WWE's flagship show Raw.  The episode also started the program's permanent three-hour format which had been previously reserved only for special episodes. The event was held at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis Missouri. The show featured actor Charlie Sheen (via Skype) serving as social media ambassador[1] as well as various Hall of Famers and legends from the past
311765 Small-time con man Nick DeMarco is ordered by his parole officer to take a minimum-wage job as a department store Santa during the holidays...and he hates it. Near the end of his first shift he hastily promises a young boy Billy that Santa will bring his estranged parents back together by Christmas. Nick decides to make good on his promise to the child somehow. But after meeting the boy's mother Carol will Nick ultimately choose to put the happiness of others ahead of his own?
312857 TALL GIRLS will give an insight view on what it means to be unusually tall as a woman in the Western World. The film chronicles my journey to find out why we make more money but marry less often and why there's more treatments to stunt growth than self-help books to grow tall. For me this was personal. As a mother I needed to know: would my daughter have to go through the same struggles I did ? How could I guide her in the right direction?
313008 The Film tells the grim tale of the half century War on Cancer and focuses on the character of Thomas Navarro. In 1999 the four year old boy was diagnosed with brain cancer and thrust into the system of Surgery Chemo and Radiation and not allowed to be treated with a proven method by Texas Doctor Stanislaw Burzynski. The war between the Navarro Family and the FDA is perhaps this country's greatest evidence as to why there should be medical freedom and how since the War on Cancer began in 1971 the war is still failing in 2009.
"313757 Among the pieces featured in Fragments are the final reel of John Ford's The Village Blacksmith (1922) and a glimpse at Emil Jannings in The Way of All Flesh (1927) the only Oscar®-winning performance in a lost film. Fragments also features clips from such lost films as Cleopatra (1917) starring Theda Bara; The Miracle Man (1919) with Lon Chaney; He Comes Up Smiling (1918) starring Douglas Fairbanks; an early lost sound film Gold Diggers of Broadway (1929) filmed in early Technicolor and the only color footage of silent star Clara Bow Red Hair (1928). The program is rounded out with interviews of film preservationists involved in identifying and restoring these films. Also featured is a new interview with Diana Serra Cary best known as ""Baby Peggy"" one of the major American child stars of the silent era who discusses one of the featured fragments Darling of New York (1923)."
"313863 Destination X (2011) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion which took place on July 10 2011 at the Impact Wrestling Zone in Orlando Florida.[2] Destination X was promoted with the tagline ""Forward to the Past"" as an all X Division event to commemorate the division that helped pave the way for the company long-term by bringing in popularity with its extraordinary athletic showcases. It was the seventh event under the Destination X chronology—first to be held in July—and the seventh event of the 2011 TNA PPV schedule."
313867 Mr. Hoppy is a shy old man who lives alone in an apartment building. For many years he has been secretly in love with Mrs. Silver a woman who lives below him.  Mr. Hoppy frequently leans over his balcony and exchanges polite conversation with Mrs. Silver but he is too shy to disclose how he feels.  Mr. Hoppy longs to express his feelings to Mrs. Silver but he can never bring his lips to form the words.  Mrs. Silver has a small pet tortoise Alfie whom she loves very much.  One morning Mrs. Silver mentions to Mr. Hoppy that even though she has had Alfie for many years her pet has only grown a tiny bit and has gained only 3 ounces in weight.  She confesses that she wishes she knew of some way to make her little Alfie grown into a larger more dignified tortoise.  Mr. Hoppy suddenly thinks of a way to give Mrs. Silver her wish and win her affection.
"314082 Blur: The Best Of is a greatest hits compilation album by English Britpop band Blur first released in late 2000 and is the final Blur album by Food Records. It was released on CD cassette tape MiniDisc double 12"" vinyl record DVD and VHS. The CD album includes 17 of Blur's 23 singles from 1990 to 2000 plus non-single ""This Is a Low"". A special edition of the CD version included a live CD. The DVD/VHS version contains the videos of Blur's first 22 singles. The album which has had enduring sales hit number 3 in the band's native UK in the autumn of 2000 while denting the US charts at number 186. The cover is by artist Julian Opie. The painting of this Blur album can be found at the National Portrait Gallery in London England. The album's cover bears some similarity to that of Queen's 1982 Hot Space."
314160 The Vrijthof concerts have been going for ten years and this anniversary was all the excuse André Rieu needed to make things extra festive and put on a fantastic unforgettable anniversary concert with his new DVD ‘Love In Venice’ – a selection of favourites from the concert. For this tenth concert series he had the Vrijthof square specially decorated in Venetian style complete with a Doge’s Palace Rialto Bridge a fabulous Italian fountain and a colourful Venetian masquerade and it was a party from start to end.  Love In Venice is an evening full of wonderful Italian music world hits like Funiculi funicula Tiritomba and Vieni sul mar and fabulous operatic arias. For the occasion of this anniversary the Italian singer Rocco Granata came to sing his world hit Marina. Thanks to the perfect sound and image recordings on this DVD you can enjoy it at home just as though you were there yourself.
314356 Camilla Reilly’s elegant life has come undone. Once a fast-track film executive living in a luxurious SoHo loft she finds herself unemployed broke single and suddenly homeless. Just as her cool steely faēade gives way to quiet desperation she meets Amory a brash young writer whose deeply personal screenplay she rejected a year earlier. Though Camilla doesn’t remember him “Amo” has never forgotten. Over of the course of the next 24 hours the two share a sleepless journey through the teeming streets and shadowy scenes of late night Manhattan. From downtown demimonde to uptown refinement they edge closer to discovering their secret connection until ultimately their whirlwind love story takes a fateful turn.
314361 Stay calm. You’ve spent your whole life practicing and preparing yourself for this moment of truth and now it has finally arrived. The Cliburn or more properly the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition held every four years in Fort Worth Texas is about to begin. Pressure? What pressure?  Running 17 days with three grueling rounds The Cliburn invites 30 of the world’s finest pianists to battle it out for top honors. At stake are prizes worth millions but more than money the winner is practically guaranteed a performing career.  Did we mention you’re playing not just for the judges but for a live audience of thousands and a webcast of 170000 viewers throughout the world? Pressure? What pressure? Just sit back relax and enjoy the show. No pressure.
314394 One Hundred Days is the filming of Architects' Daybreaker Almost World Tour which took place in 2012 where they played 75 shows in 25 countries over 4 continents. The documentary is primarily narrated by Architects' bassist Alex Dean and guitarist Tom Searle. One Hundred Days was directed by and filmed by Tom Welsh who followed the band on the entire tour. The tour was very ambitious and took them to areas of the world they've never toured in like: China Hong Kong Thailand Singapore Malaysia Indonesia and New Zealand and completed their first headline tour of Mainland Europe.
314407 In the 1980s ruthless Colombian cocaine barons invaded Miami with a brand of violence unseen in this country since Prohibition-era Chicago. Cocaine Cowboys is the true story of how Miami became the drug murder and cash capital of the United States. But it isn't the whole story - Pulling from hundreds of hours of additional interviews and recently uncovered archival news footage Cocaine Cowboys has been RELOADED: packed with footage and stories that have never been told about Griselda Blanco the Medellķn Cartel and Miami's Cocaine Wars with firsthand accounts by hit man Jorge 'Rivi' Ayala cocaine trafficker Jon Roberts smuggler Mickey Munday and others. Cocaine Cowboys: Reloaded recreates Miami's Cocaine Wars like you've never experienced it.
314466 THE DUKES OF SEPTEMBER a super group comprised of pop/rock/R&amp;B icons Donald Fagen (Steely Dan) Michael McDonald (Doobie Brothers) and Boz Scaggs a brand new DVD and Blu Ray to coincide with its PBS debut airing on Great Performances.  Filmed in November of 2012 this concert features the Dukes of Septembers dynamic rock and soul revue with not only showcasing their well-known hits such as Reelin in the Years Lido Shuffle and Takin it to the Streets  but also forays into rock and R&amp;B gems such as Sweet Soul Music and Love T.K.O.
314672 All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) is one of the toughest med schools in the world (with an acceptance rate of less than 0.1%). After a student gets involved in a violent accident on campus a film maker goes undercover at AIIMS to investigate the rising incidents of violence amongst the best minds of the nation. Four med students agree to be filmed for a year as part of this observational experiment. Through their personal journeys within these celebrated hallways of excellence- we enter a ruthless world of ambition and competition where only the toughest can survive. Those who pass through must battle monsters- both within and without.
"314885 In 1983 Oliver Nicholas at thirteen is well-poised to enter the precocious teenage world of first-sex vodka and possible-love in New York City when he is traumatized by the stroke of his housekeeper (and only true maternal figure) a sixty-five-year-old Chilean woman named Aida. What was supposed to be an exhilarating and somewhat fearful rite of passage - diving into the exciting fast-paced world of first experiences - quickly becomes skewed by an incomprehensible depression and a house of interior horrors. Surrounded by women - his untraditional Spanish photographer mother (more interested in the role of confidante than mother) his sister a comedic door-slamming tormentor marked by her parent's divorce; and Aida his silver-haired emotional focal point on the verge of death in Lenox Hill Hospital - Oliver struggles to maintain his role as ""man of the house"" and his sanity."
315065 AG Geige was one of the weirdest and most experimental musical projects of the former GDR. Founded by four autodidacts they defied any classification by producing electronic music combined with Dadaist texts and wearing absurd costumes.  The documentary AG Geige - ein Amateurfilm tells the story of this formation that even made it to release an official record short before the fall of the Berlin Wall. By means of interviews with the protagonists and their supporters supplemented by video footage of live performances and self-produced clips the film is focusing on the self-understanding of the four members their artistic visions the creative and working process. and of course the film also tells the story of the last few years of the GDR system whose agony made this project possible at all. (cont. http://www.raster-noton.net/shop/ag-geige-ein-amateurfilm)
315358 A wealthy banker lies brutally murdered. The bankers daughter and only heir Rana (Alex McKenna) calls upon Cyrus (Randy Wayne) a brilliant but eccentric freelance writer to assist in the investigation. Teaming up with homicide detective Leon Weed (Sean Astin) Cyrus and Leon are quickly thrust into the cryptic world of Freemasonry pursuing a legendary relic. They begin by interviewing Grandmaster Sheldon Lombard (Richard Dutcher) and a 32nd Degree Freemason named Jericho Beck (Joseph James). As the evidence leads them to a few select members of the bankers inner circle the duo is forced to examine elements beyond their natural senses- and must do so quickly before the killer strikes again!
"315508 Join the spook-busting case-cracking snack-munching fun as Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. gang gear up for four of their most frightening adventures ever! Traveling the globe on their ongoing quest to trip up crooks (and chow down on munchies) Scooby-Doo Shaggy Daphne Fred and Velma tangle with a supernatural assortment of eerie adversaries. Facing multiple monsters ghouls galore and gobs of ghosts our top-dog detective and those ""meddling kids"" will stop at nothing to get their ghoul as they confront SCOOBY-DOO'S CREEPIEST CAPERS!"
315527 Led by the masterful Carlo Ancelotti Chelsea FC broke record after record as the club secured a scintillating Premier League and FA Cup Double for the first time in its glorious history. The Blues were simply untouchable as they sealed a memorable title triumph on the last day of the season with an 8-0 thrashing of Wigan taking their tally for the year to 103 goals - a new Premiership milestone. The season was filled with many magical memories including home and away victories over traditionally the other big three - Manchester United Arsenal and Liverpool. The FA Cup Final proved the perfect finish to an epic campaign as another Didier Drogba goal sealed a deserved victory against a stubborn Portsmouth to seal a famous Double and leave the fans dancing with delight!
315598 Back at the club he loves and back with the fans who love him José Mourinho returned to provide a captivating season from beginning to the very end. A squad that included legends Frank Lampard John Terry and Petr Čech combined with the attacking talent of Eden Hazard Willian and Oscar formed the nucleus of a terrifically talented team guided by a tactical mastermind. In the Barclays Premier League the Blues outplayed and outmanoeuvred their closest rivals in the biggest games with stunning doubles over Manchester City and Liverpool and comprehensive victories against Manchester United Tottenham and Arsenal. In the UEFA Champions League a reunion with Didier Drogba followed a dramatic last gasp win over PSG took Chelsea to the brink of another European final.
315602 The 2008/09 season will go down as one of the most dramatic and exciting in Chelsea FC's long and illustrious history. A mid-season change of manager a devastating departure from the Champions League and a famous victory in The FA Cup Final are just some of the moments to remember. After a scintillating start to the season which saw the Blues undefeated until late October hopes were high that the club could reclaim the Premier League crown and secure an elusive first Champions League title. But a slump in form and fortune saw the club's title aspirations disappear along with manager Luiz Felipe Scolari. The arrival of Guus Hiddink energised the team and revived ambitions of securing a trophy but with the Premier League just out of reach and hearts broken in the Champions League their perseverance was rewarded with a fantastic win at Wembley in The FA Cup Final ensuring another season of silverware for the mighty Blues.
315768 Legacy Fighting Championship returned to the Dallas/Fort Worth area on December 14 and brought another night of exciting MMA action. Headlining the card was the much awaited title bout to crown the new Legacy Flyweight Champion with Jimmy Flick vs Will Campuzano; in addition several of the top talent in the DFW area also fought inside the Legacy cage.  The full card included:  125 (Flyweight Title) - Will Campuzano vs. Jimmy Flick  145 – Matt Hobar vs. Steven Peterson  145 – Rey Trujillo vs. Chas Skelly  135 – Joseph Sandoval vs. Ryan Benoit  135 – Nelson Salas vs. Eli Tamez  170 – Charles Byrd vs. Derrick Krantz  145 – Quaint Kempf vs. Darrion Caldwell  135 – Klayton Mai vs. Alex Russ  170 – Russell Brewer vs. Aaron Culpepper  185 – Bobby Moore vs. Evan Thompson  120 – Lisa Lamb vs. Amber Stautzenberger  145 – Sidney Cawdrey vs. Joseph Salas  205 – Alex Madrid vs. Alfredo Leija
"315832 Testing the boundaries of political-incorrectness the story focuses on characters who never have attained anything through honorable means. They prefer to use lying cheating stealing or brute force. Take for instance the pharmacy student who uses his skils to make date-rape drugs and he sells these concoctions in order to pay tuition. While each ""dirtbag"" has his own plotline all become obstacles to the main character - a dirtbag who is at the crossroads of change. Will he find redemption or destruction?"
315938 For the first time supported by scientific evidence and indisputable footage this film exposes the truth about a practice that breaches human rights animal rights and unveils a deception that will leave viewers in shock! New Zealand claims to be clean green and 100% pure. But can a country that drops from helicopters an attractive food mixed with 90% of the world's annual supply of the deadly pesticide 1080 - enough poison every year to kill its human population 5 times over - qualify for such an esteemed self evaluation? Can a country that relies on farming exports and tourism afford to be so cavalier with one of the worlds most deadly poisons? Poisoning Paradise lifts the lid on this bureaucratic practice exposing an atrocity that will leave you in disbelief.....
316023 Mike and Dave are young adventurous fun-loving brothers who tend to get out of control at family gatherings. When their sister Jeanie reveals her Hawaiian wedding plans the rest of the Stangles insist that the brothers bring respectable dates. After placing an ad on Craigslist the siblings decide to pick Tatiana and Alice two charming and seemingly normal women. Once they arrive on the island however Mike and Dave realize that their companions are ready to get wild and party.
316102 The Idiot Cycle investigates six major chemical companies—Dow Chemical BASF Bayer Dupont Astrazeneca and Monsanto—that are not only responsible for producing decades of cancer causing chemicals and pollution all across the globe but also profit extensively from controlling cancer treatments and the production of drugs for those treatments. The irony is palpable. Also examined is how these very same companies own the most patents on genetically modified foods that have also never been tested for long-term health impacts like cancer. When there’s dioxin in every mother’s breast-milk rivers throughout the world that no longer support life cataclysmic environmental damage from industry and manufacturing—when do we say enough is enough?
316152 In 1863 Mississippi farmer Newt Knight serves as a medic for the Confederate Army. Opposed to slavery Knight would rather help the wounded than fight the Union. After his nephew dies in battle Newt returns home to Jones County to safeguard his family but is soon branded an outlaw deserter. Forced to flee he finds refuge with a group of runaway slaves hiding out in the swamps. Forging an alliance with the slaves and other farmers Knight leads a rebellion that would forever change history.
316188 Two rebel brother Drake and Daniel disguise themselves as Union soldiers in order to deliver a secret letter to a turncoat Union officer named Hatcher. When Drake gets injured young Daniel is forced to deliver the message alone. But the mission goes awry and Daniel must flee camp with a meek northern photographer Benjamin who has been framed for a murder he didn't commit. Unaware that they are being pursued by Hatcher who has plans of his own for the letter they embark upon an incredible journey that will test their courage friendship their views on war and their very lives.
316245 A high velocity in-depth look at the tuner scene shot on location in Japan. Features include; JDM Insider Vol. 2 features a visit with #Smokey# Nagata and his world-renowned tuning shop #TOP SECRET#. A private inside look at the crib of GT Racer D1 Judge and former mountain drifter Manabu Orido. A special one-on-one interview with Takahiro Ueno the president of T&amp;E known for his high-end style and technique. Then watch him flex his D1 style in front of upcoming drifters at the Nikko Circuit Kazama Auto Drift Day. Go hardcore Touge Drifting in a 600 HP Soarer at one of the original mountain drift spots. Then off to Yokohama to battle Yakuza bashers and avoid oncoming traffic in a wild all night city drift adventure.
316272 Splash into action with seafaring sleuths Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. gang as they collide with a mystery ship and try to uncover clues from a vanished crew in Hassle in the Castle! Shaggy and Scooby-Doo are then captured by Redbeard the Pirate in Go Away Ghost Ship. Zoinks! If the case isn’t solved soon somebody’s going to walk the plank! And when Scooby and friends get lost in a swamp they meet up with the Harlem Globetrotters and Redbeard the Pirate – again! – for a swashbuckling adventure worth a treasure chest full of Scooby Snax!
316280 On 19th &amp; 20th December the big beat kings of the arena mainstage Dimitri Vegas &amp; Like Mike showcased to a home nation crowd their new global tour concept – Bringing The World The Madness. Taking over Antwerp’s iconic Sportpaleis Antwerpen for a double header of shows the dynamic duo gave frenzied fans and the hundreds of thousands watching in via the official live stream an earth shuddering introduction to what is set to become one of the most talked about live tour shows of 2015.
"316338 Since the creation of Saturday Night Live in the 1970s one of the signatures of the show has been its commercial parodies. From subtle to outrageous silly to realistic SNL has always been able to poke fun at the folks on Madison Avenue with a variety of products not actually for sale. Now you can enjoy your favorite commercial parodies that have aired over the past 30 years all on one DVD and hosted by funny man Will Ferrell. Watch classics like ""Little Chocolate Donuts"" ""Happy Fun Ball"" ""Mom Jeans"" ""Colon Blow"" ""Taco Town"" ""Love Toilet"" ""Oops I Crapped My Pants"" or ""Bassomatic"" again and again."
316391 One night in December 1995 4 tons of weapons fall from the sky over India. A few days later a Danish man returns to Denmark with a grave secret. Only when an English arms dealer is arrested in India and faces death sentence does the Dane appear in the large-scale international investigation of the case. With reconstructions and scenes resembling a feature film the docu-thriller The Arms Drop tells the nerve-racking story of two men who gamble their lives on a joint mission with each their secret agenda and the political personal and diplomatic consequences 20 years later.
316409 An intelligent social issues drama Manpower sketches a portrait of four men in crisis. Moving between scathing realism and subtle irony the film raises questions of belonging and uprooting exile and emigration home and family.  Meir Cohen is a decorated police officer yet he barely earns a living. His new assignment to deport African migrant workers teaches him that foreigners aren’t the only ones with no future in his country. Other plotlines intertwine with Meir’s story: an Israeli-Filipino boy fighting for recognition; a taxi driver whose children are migrating to a distant country; and a veteran migrant worker who’s forced to decide whether to leave or to hide until trouble passes.
316761 An inspiring triumphant and wickedly funny portrait of one of comedy’s most enigmatic and important figures CALL ME LUCKY tells the story of Barry Crimmins a beer-swilling politically outspoken and whip-smart comic whose efforts in the 70s and 80s fostered the talents of the next generation of standup comedians. But beneath Crimmins’ gruff hard-drinking curmudgeonly persona lay an undercurrent of rage stemming from his long-suppressed and horrific abuse as a child – a rage that eventually found its way out of the comedy clubs and television shows and into the political arena.
316840 Geeta and her parents move to a small town of Hari Nagar where her dad has been appointed Principal of a school. During her very first day Geeta finds out that her video gaming device has been stolen. After complaining to her school teacher who ends up searching every student's bags finds the device in Shyam's schoolbag. Shyam is humiliated and punished. Then another student Satish Kumar the son of Member of Legislative Assembly Makhan Lal Akela finds that his gold chain is missing. They automatically suspect Shyam and along with local goons and Police go to his residence to search for Shyam and the missing chain. Shyam's uncle and cruel aunt vehemently deny any theft but no one believes them they end up searching the house find Shyam and chase him into the lighthouse where he hides. Shyam does not know that this lighthouse is the very venue of a spirit of a dreaded pirate that has been lying dormant for 100 years and is now ready to wake and wreak havoc all round again.
316891 Set in Norfolk amidst an idyllic brooding landscape an innocent teenage boy and his battle-weary father live a simple life. Days are spent hunting fishing and daydreaming. Out-of-nowhere disrupting this tranquility a mysterious intense figure gives the green light for the father to complete one last mission; he is a mercenary hired to assassinate a group of revolutionaries holed-up in a remote disused civil service outpost. A mission that threatens to destroy not just the compound but the love between a father and his son.
317110 Bookstore owner Emma believes in fairy tales. Although she has yet to be swept away by prince charming she sees real knight in shining armor potential with a new suitor Landon. As Emma balances time with Landon and saving her bookstore with once irritating business consultant Eric however she weighs storybook romance against genuine commitment. While she sorts out her feelings toward Landon and Eric as well as toward love and romance Emma begins to realize that fairytale endings aren't always by the book.
317198 The film is about a high school tech whiz (Laura Marano) who is determined to become prom queen. But on the big day she suddenly wakes up having a bad hair day and her destroyed prom dress and everything that can go wrong does go badly wrong. A police officer (Leigh-Allyn Baker) seeks the necklace that the teen somehow ends up possessing. Prom day goes really bad as the pair is pursued by a dogged jewel thief (Christian Campbell) on a wild ride cross around the city.
"317953 As Spud Milton continues his awkward stagger through adolescence he learns one of life's most important lessons: When dealing with women and cretins nothing is ever quite as it seems. ""I'm practically a man in most areas"" writes Spud confidently on his sixteenth birthday. The year is 1992 and in South Africa radical change is in the air. The country may be on the bumpy road to an uncertain future but Spud Milton is hoping for a smooth ride as he returns to boarding school as a senior. Instead he discovers that his vindictive arch enemy is back to taunt him and that a garrulous Malawian has taken residence in his dormitory along with the regular inmates and misfits he calls friends. Spud's world has never seemed less certain; he attempts to master Shakespeare wrestles constantly with his God and the power of negative thinking and develops an aversion to fried fish after a shocking discovery about his grandmother Wombat."
"317978 ""The Principle"" brings to light astonishing new scientific observations challenging the Copernican Principle; the foundational assumption underlying the modern scientific world view. The idea that the Earth occupies no special or favored position in the cosmos has launched the last two scientific revolutions - the Copernican Revolution and Relativity - and as Lawrence Krauss has said we could be on the verge of a third with ""Copernicus coming back to haunt us"". Interviews with leading cosmologists are interspersed with the views of dissidents and mavericks bringing into sharp focus the challenges and implications not only for cosmology but for our cultural and religious view of reality."
318259 In Columbus Ohio a group of autistic teenagers and young adults role-play this transition by going through the deceptively complex social interactions of preparing for a spring formal. Focusing on several young women as they go through an iconic American rite of passage we are given intimate access to people who are often unable to share their experiences with others. With humor and heartbreak How to Dance in Ohio shows the daily courage of people facing their fears and opening themselves to the pain worry and joy of the social world.
318277 From the onset of the AIDS epidemic author Larry Kramer emerged as a fiery activist an Old Testament-style prophet full of righteous fury who denounced both the willful inaction of the government and the refusal of the gay community to curb potentially risky behaviors. Co-founder of both organization Gay Men's Health Crisis and the direct action protest group ACT UP Kramer was vilified by some who saw his criticism to be an expression of self-hatred while lionized by others who credit him with waking up the gay community — and eventually the government and medical establishment — to the devastation of the disease.
318832 Imagine a world where the trapped emotions fears anxieties and unprocessed life experiences we hold in our bodies are the source for everything that ails us. That’s the world we live in.  Now imagine a world where everyone is manifesting from their heart the perfect creation that’s inside each of us. Imagine a world where abundance inner peace longevity and loving relationships abound. Imagine emotion experts from around the world sharing their wisdom and negative-emotion clearing techniques to light a new pathway for humanity. Imagine we are sacred spiritual beings here for a much larger reason serving a much higher purpose a divine purpose. That’s where we’re going.
318914 The Ryries have suffered a loss: the death of a baby just fifty-seven hours after his birth. Without words to express their grief the parents John and Ricky try to return to their previous lives. The couple's children ten-year-old Biscuit and thirteen-year-old Paul responding to the unnamed tensions around them begin to act out in exquisitely idiosyncratic ways. But as the family members scatter into private isolating grief an unexpected visitor arrives and they find themselves growing more alert to the hurt humor warmth and burdens of others—to the grief that is part of every human life but that also carries within it the power to draw us together.
"319067 A documentary about the legendary series of nationally televised debates in 1968 between two great public intellectuals the liberal Gore Vidal and the conservative William F. Buckley Jr.  Intended as commentary on the issues of their day these vitriolic and explosive encounters came to define the modern era of public discourse in the media marking the big bang moment of our contemporary media landscape when spectacle trumped content and argument replaced substance. Best of Enemies delves into the entangled biographies of these two great thinkers and luxuriates in the language and the theater of their debates begging the question ""What has television done to the way we discuss politics in our democracy today?"""
319070 A look at the history of the American comedy publication and production company National Lampoon from its beginning in the 1970s to 2010 featuring rare and never before seen footage this is the mind boggling story of The National Lampoon from its subversive and electrifying beginnings to rebirth as an unlikely Hollywood heavyweight and beyond. A humour empire like no other the impact of the magazines irreverent often shocking sensibility was nothing short of seismic: this is an institution whose (drunk stoned brilliant) alumni left their fingerprints all over popular culture. Both insanely great and breathtakingly innovative The National Lampoon created the foundation of modern comic sensibility by setting the bar in comedy impossibly high.
"319074 ‘In Football We Trust’ captures a snapshot in time amid the rise of the Pacific Islander presence in the NFL. Presenting a new take on the American immigrant story this feature length documentary transports viewers deep inside the tightly-knit Polynesian community in Salt Lake City Utah. With unprecedented access and shot over a four-year time period the film intimately portrays four young Polynesian men striving to overcome gang violence and near poverty through American football. Viewed as the ""salvation"" for their families these young players reveal the culture clash they experience as they transform out of their adolescence and into the high stakes world of collegiate recruiting and rigors of societal expectations."
319076 With exclusive access to his extraordinary unseen and unheard personal archive including hundreds of hours of audio recorded over the course of his life this is the definitive Marlon Brando cinema documentary. Charting his exceptional career as an actor and his extraordinary life away from the stage and screen with Brando himself as your guide the film will fully explore the complexities of the man by telling the story uniquely from Marlon's perspective entirely in his own voice. No talking heads no interviewees just Brando on Brando and life.
319078 The current educational system in the United States was developed a century ago during the rise of the industrial age and was once the envy of the world. However the world economy has since transformed profoundly but the US education system has not. Schools are attempting to teach and test skills when mastered that still leave graduates woefully unprepared for the 21st Century. After presenting this problem the documentary focuses on the story of a school in San Diego that is completely rethinking what the experience of going to school looks like. As we follow students parents and teachers through a truly unorthodox school experience the audience is forced to consider what sort of educational environment is most likely to succeed in the 21st century?
319142 The Long Road to Cabo is a delightful documentary about rock &amp; roll fellowship featuring Sammy Hagar as the founder of a summer-long feast of heavy metal Van Halen memories and many bared female bosoms (in Hagar's audiences that is). Looking more like a mellow mid-life surfer than hairy rock icon from the 1980s the ever-expansive Hagar leads the Waboritas through a long hot 2002 tour sharing a bill with David Lee Roth Hagar's co-outcast from Van Halen. Despite their shared ignominy Roth rebuffs Hagar's efforts at collaboration or at least camaraderie resulting in a competitive and entertainingly catty atmosphere.
"319175 ""It made the last nine of the US Open seem like a gentle game with my Dad!""  So said Graeme McDowell - the last man standing - as Colin Montgomerie's magnificent men snatched back golf's Ryder Cup from Corey Pavin's American elite in one of the most extraordinary playings of the sport's greatest competition.  The tournament came to Wales - and the magnificent Celtic Manor Resort for the first time but furious rain storms meant another first a Monday finish as Europe and the USA were forced into a fourth day decider!"
319966 An intimate portrait of recently retired Congressman Barney Frank one of our most well-known and least understood political figures this documentary alternates between deeply personal moments and the inner workings of our political process. Rare archival material and interviews reveal the emotional pain and harmful effects of a closeted life the relief of coming out and the triumph of love through the Congressman's historic same-sex marriage. Frank's journey is our country's journey a classic American story about a dedicated public servant who never loses hope.
319982 Renée Fleming lights up the Met stage as Hanna Glawari the fabulously wealthy widow of the title in Lehįr’s beloved operetta set in Paris and seen in a glittering production directed and choreographed by Broadway’s Susan Stroman. Nathan Gunn is Danilo Hanna’s former flame who is supposed to woo and marry her in order to keep her fortune in their home country of Pontevedro. Kelli O’Hara sings Valencienne the flirtatious young wife of the Pontevedrian ambassador in Paris Baron Zeta played by Thomas Allen and Alek Shrader is her suitor Camille. Andrew Davis conducts the waltz-rich score and the new English translation is by Jeremy Sams.
320288 The X-Men face their most formidable and powerful foe when one of their own Jean Grey starts to spiral out of control. During a rescue mission in outer space Jean is nearly killed when she's hit by a mysterious cosmic force. Once she returns home this force not only makes her infinitely more powerful but far more unstable. The X-Men must now band together to save her soul and battle aliens that want to use Grey's new abilities to rule the galaxy.
320349 Black Friday the day after Thanksgiving November 2012 four boys in a red SUV pull into a gas station after spending time at the mall buying sneakers and talking to girls. With music blaring one boy exits the car and enters the store a quick stop for a soda and a pack of gum. A man and a woman pull up next to the boys in the station making a stop for a bottle of wine. The woman enters the store and an argument breaks out when the driver of the second car asks the boys to turn the music down. 3½ minutes and ten bullets later one of the boys is dead. 3½ MINUTES dissects the aftermath of this fatal encounter.
320421 When Tom learns that he has terminal brain cancer he decides to find a replacement husband for his wife and a father to his daughter before it is too late. Unbeknownst to his wife Valentine Tom sets up an on-line dating profile for her and realizes that he doesn't know much about her anymore. Tom endeavors to get to know Valentine and learns why he fell in love with her all those years ago... just in time to say goodbye.
321060 In 1968 John Weiley shot 'Autopsy on a Dream' - a film about the Sydney Opera House detailing its construction process and the politics of Jorn Utzon's dismissal. Weiley's film was controversial; it was screened once and then he was told it had been destroyed. Forty five years later a copy was discovered in the BBC vaults by an ABC producer looking for archive footage of the Opera House. Weiley was contacted and told about a film that had no sound track. Weiley was overjoyed; for years he had kept the original sound. So began the painstaking process of restoring this record of a unique moment in Australian culture to its former glory complete with updated voice-over from the original narrator Bob Ellis. It is set in context by a 30 minute prologue entitled 'The Dream of Perfection'. Made by the same filmmaker John Weiley forty-five years on 'Dream of Perfection' tells the story of the 1968 film - from commission to destruction to surprise resurrection.
321146 Beneath the Helmet: From High School to the Home Front is a coming of age story that highlights five young Israeli high school graduates who are drafted into the army to defend their country. At the age of 18 away from their houses family and friends these young individuals undergo a demanding journey revealing the core of who they are and who they want to be. From the creators of the PBS-featured documentary film Israel Inside: How a Small Nation Makes a Big Difference the film Beneath the Helmet illustrates how these young men and women are protecting not only their homes but the shared values of peace equality opportunity democracy religious tolerance and women's rights. The lessons they learn along the way are lessons that can be adapted understood and appreciated by everyone.
321343 Made with a message of hope Rites of Passage is a raw uncensored and honest film inspired by the life experiences of the young people involved in the making of this powerful feature-length drama. Six interwoven stories show these teenagers negotiating the dangers and discoveries of their age and because the cast were also the crew what emerges is a self portrait of resilient kids responding to the challenges surrounding them.  They might live in public housing and come from families that have seen disadvantage and hardship.  But with frankness and courage these young people have dipped below the surface of their often tough exteriors to reveal what’s going on inside their lives.
321475 On 3 August 2014 Scroobius Pip released his first Live DVD Words a 2 disc special released on his own Speech Development Records. The DVD features his spoken word show Words live at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe 2013.  Words was first premiered at Latitude Festival to a crowd of over 4000 festival goers. Scroobius Pip then made his debut appearance at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe with a 19-show run of Words. The show sold out every night and garnered huge critical acclaim with The Scotsman declaring it: ‘A bewitching mixture of too-cool-for-school nonchalance and laser-like intensity.
321659 Tutored by Aristotle helpless witness to his father's assassination and a brilliant pioneering tactician Alexander the Great had conquered the known world--and sealed his legacy as one of history's most remarkable rulers--by the age of 25. In the year 334 B.C. 20-year-old King Alexander of Macedonia decided to bring the farthest reaches of the world under one domain. Over the next 12 years he led a grand army across more than 20000 miles and eventually brought all of Asia under his control only to perish from battle wounds at the age of 32. Incorporating dramatic onsite reenactments with high-end computer graphics and the expertise of renowned scholars THE TRUE STORY OF ALEXANDER THE GREAT is special presentation from THE HISTORY CHANNEL® examining the life and career of this military genius impassioned lover and fearless leader. Hosted by Peter Woodward (Conquest) this definitive program is available on DVD for the first time.
321769 Deep Web gives the inside story of one of the most important and riveting digital crime sagas of the century -- the arrest of Ross William Ulbricht the 30-year-old entrepreneur convicted of being 'Dread Pirate Roberts' creator and operator of online black market Silk Road. As the only film with exclusive access to the Ulbricht family Deep Web explores how the brightest minds and thought leaders behind the Deep Web and Bitcoin are now caught in the crosshairs of the battle for control of a future inextricably linked to technology with our digital rights hanging in the balance.
322484 The first episode of this IMAX screening takes place entirely at The Wall with the Night’s Watch hopelessly outnumbered as they attempt to defend Castle Black from the Wildings and features one the fiercest and most intense battle scenes ever filmed for television. The second episode which is also the season finale features Dany coming to grips with the realities of ruling a kingdom Bran learning the startling reality of his destiny and Tyrion facing the truth of his unfortunate situation.
322746 Music and politics collide when international music star Pras Michel of the Fugees returns to his homeland of Haiti following the devastating earthquake of 2010 to mobilize a presidential campaign for Haiti's most controversial musician: Michel Martelly aka Sweet Micky. The politically inexperienced pair set out against a corrupted government civil unrest and a fixed election. When Pras's former bandmate superstar Wyclef Jean also enters the presidential race their chances seem further doomed. But with the help of a few friends including Ben Stiller and former president Bill Clinton they never give up on their honest dream of changing the course of Haiti's future forever
322862 A snapshot of the porn industry in the San Fernando Valley focusing on a handful of people: Luke Ford a reporter who breaks the industry's gentlemen's agreement and writes about actors who have HIV/AIDS; Kimberley Jade a veteran actress who contracts AIDS; Katie June who arrives in Los Angeles from the South going on 20 with dreams of becoming a porn star and with her mother's approval; Jim South who runs a talent agency; and William Margold an aging factotum. Others appear on camera to round out a portrait of a busy industry that's lucrative for some and dangerous for others.
323111 Cliff Truckee refuses a privileged start in life at a top college while other young men are enlisting. On the bus out of Chicago he meets a girl on her way to join the Marines falls in love and decides to do the same. Paris Island is physically tough but it is troubles that are brought from home that endanger some recruits success in an extreme case even a life. Team bonding is changing Cliff but so can a broken heart.
323272 The family-friendly movie explores the transformational role prayer plays in the lives of the Jordan family. Tony and Elizabeth Jordan a middle-class couple who seemingly have it all – great jobs a beautiful daughter their dream home. But appearances can be deceiving. In reality the Jordan’s marriage has become a war zone and their daughter is collateral damage. With the help of Miss Clara an older wiser woman Elizabeth discovers she can start fighting for her family instead of against them. Through a newly energized faith Elizabeth and Tony’s real enemy doesn’t have a prayer.
323320 Phonovisions Symphonic Orchestra was the opportunity to celebrate the 20 anniversary since my first record and the 10th anniversary of the first Wax Tailor Release. More than just a simple live session it s a full 10 years years journey a new reading on a higher scale. I chose to delete the interviews between the tracks in order to keep only the essence the music. The DVD keeps the original format even if no recording system can reproduce perfectly the acoustic of a live venue.  Wax Tailor
323870 James Bolam portrays serial killer Dr. Harold Shipman in this made-for-TV drama. The film follows the story of Shipman a general practitioner who throughout his career is believed to have killed as many as 250 of his patients. When the high death rate of his practice was investigated it was discovered that he had given lethal doses of diamorphine to a vast number of his patients. He was put on trial where he was convicted of 15 murders and sentenced to life imprisonment.
"323910 No one gives better cuddles than Doc's warm and fuzzy best friend! She's a princess and a ballerina and she's always there for toys that need an extra helping of tender loving care. Just say three little words: ""CUDDLE ME LAMBIE."" Join Doc and the whole gang as they laugh play and have a ball fixing boo-boos and discovering great ways to stay happy and healthy. Celebrate the power of true friendship as new sparkly heart toy Val shows Lambie there's plenty of love to go around. Meet Donny and Alma's monster creation Charlie - who turns out to be very sweet and not so scary after all. Then see how Lambie gets out of a super-sticky jam! Bursting with five song-filled episodes and cuddles galore this ""hug-stravaganza"" is magical fun your little one will adore! EPISODES: ""My Huggy Valentine/Dusty Bear"" ""Awesome Guy's Awesome Arm/Lamb In A Jam"" ""Kirby And The King/Bubble Monkey Blow Your Nose!"" ""A Day Without Cuddles/Collide-o-scope"" ""Mirror Mirror On My Penguin/Hide and Eek!"""
323924 Java Advanced Training shows developers how to expand their programming skills and get more out of Java. This course offers platform- and framework-neutral tutorials that can be used to build web mobile and desktop applications. Starting with advanced methods of defining Java classes and programmatic flow author David Gassner goes on to describe the Java Reflection API and the Collections Framework; management of files and directories; test-driven development with advanced exception handling and reporting; and how to work with multiple threads.
324253 Established in 1960 Tower Records was once a retail powerhouse with two hundred stores in thirty countries on five continents. From humble beginnings in a small-town drugstore Tower Records eventually became the heart and soul of the music world and a powerful force in the music industry. In 1999 Tower Records made $1 billion. In 2006 the company filed for bankruptcy. What went wrong? Everyone thinks they know what killed Tower Records: The Internet. But that's not the story. All Things Must Pass is a feature documentary film examining this iconic company's explosive trajectory tragic demise and legacy forged by its rebellious founder Russ Solomon.
324260 Bikes vs Cars depicts a global crisis that we all deep down know we need to talk about: Climate earth's resources cities where the entire surface is consumed by the car. An ever-growing dirty noisy traffic chaos. The bike is a great tool for change but the powerful interests who gain from the private car invest billions each year on lobbying and advertising to protect their business. In the film we meet activists and thinkers who are fighting for better cities who refuse to stop riding despite the increasing number killed in traffic.
324269 Curtis Duffy a teen who fought and stole for the thrill discovered his place in the kitchen after a home economics teacher nurtured his talents. After an unimaginable tragedy involving his parents Duffy doubled down on his cooking career. Soon his intense drive earned him accolades as one of the country's most renowned chefs. But as he began building his dream restaurant in Chicago called Grace Duffy found himself in another point of personal crisis: His laser focus cost him his marriage and two young daughters.  For Grace is a documentary about food family sacrifice and the journey from concrete box to opening night of one of the world's most acclaimed restaurants.
324275 Nick Koenig aka Hot Sugar is in a hot mess. Considered a modern-day Mozart the young electronic musician/producer records sounds from everyday life—from hanging up payphone receivers to Hurricane Sandy rain—and chops loops and samples them into Grammy Award–nominated beats. He’s living the life every musician dreams of complete with an internet-phenom girlfriend rapper/singer “Kitty.” But when she dumps him Hot Sugar is set adrift. Fleeing to Paris he tries to regroup searching for new sounds and a sense of self.  Filmmaker Adam Lough mixes scenes of Hot Sugar at work on his vintage recording devices with surprising soul-searching reflections he offers to the camera. As tweets and posts about the broken couple blow up on the internet Hot Sugar’s road trip presses onward revealing even more exotic layers of the man and his music. Fun and flash this lyrical journey offers audiences a fascinating peek into a modern artist’s creative process.
324284 Lamb based on the novel by Bonnie Nadzam traces the self-discovery of David Lamb in the weeks following the disintegration of his marriage and the death of his father. Hoping to regain some faith in his own goodness he turns his attention to Tommie an awkward and unpopular eleven-year-old girl. Lamb is convinced that he can help her avoid a destiny of apathy and emptiness and takes Tommie for a road trip from Chicago to the Rockies planning to initiate her into the beauty of the mountain wilderness. The journey shakes them in ways neither expects.
"324285 ""Landfill Harmonic"" follows the Recycled Orchestra of Cateura a Paraguayan musical group that plays instruments made entirely out of garbage. When their story goes viral the orchestra is catapulted into the global spotlight. Under the guidance of idealistic music director Favio Chavez the orchestra must navigate a strange new world of arenas and sold-out concerts. However when a natural disaster strikes their country Favio must find a way to keep the orchestra intact and provide a source of hope for their town. The film is a testament to the transformative power of music and the resilience of the human spirit."
324286 With no place to live two strangers are stuck house sitting together. At odds Mary and Homer soon realize the gravity of their situation and the necessity of joining forces making money and pulling themselves out of the emotional hole they have lived in for years. This grounded romantic dramedy explores the hidden issues we all bury beneath the surface in a raw and touching way with humor and honesty. The cast includes Josh McDermitt from The Walking Dead Jim O’Heir from Parks and Recreation Adam Lustick from Harvard Sailing Team and Fortune Feimster from Chelsea Lately. Life in Color marks Katharine Emmer’s directorial debut. She also wrote produced edited and stars in the film.
324293 Peace Officer is a documentary about the increasingly militarized state of American police as told through the story of Dub Lawrence a former sheriff who established his rural state's first SWAT team only to see that same unit kill his son-in-law in a controversial standoff 30 years later. Driven by an obsessed sense of mission Dub uses his own investigation skills to uncover the truth in this and other recent officer-involved shootings in his community while tackling larger questions about the changing face of peace officers nationwide.
324294 Planetary presents a stunning visual portrait of our Earth taking us on a journey across continents: from the African savannah to the Himalayas and from the heart of Tokyo to the view of our fragile planet from orbit. Through intimate interviews with a diversity of people from NASA astronauts and environmentalists to philosophers and Tibetan lamas the film explores our shared future. It suggests that the key to transforming our civilisation lies in an understanding that all life is inseparably interconnected and that we cannot change the world unless we change the way we see ourselves our planet and the wider cosmos we are embedded within.
324312 T-Rex is an intimate coming-of-age story about a new kind of American heroine. For the first time women’s boxing is included in the 2012 Olympics. Fighting for gold is 17-year-old Claressa “T-Rex” Shields. From the streets of Flint Michigan Claressa is undefeated and utterly confident. Her fierceness extends beyond the ring. She protects her family at any cost even when their instability and addictions threaten to derail her dream. As she gets closer to her dream her relationships with her coach and her family get more complicated. But Claressa is determined. She desperately wants to take her family to a better safer place and winning gold could be her only chance.
324316 From Lemmy filmmaker Wes Orshoski comes the story of the long-ignored pioneers of punk: The Damned the first U.K. punks on wax and the first to cross the Atlantic. This authorized film includes appearances from Chrissie Hynde Mick Jones (The Clash) Lemmy and members of Pink Floyd Black Flag GNR the Sex Pistols Blondie Buzzcocks and more. Shot around the globe over three years the film charts the band's complex history and infighting as it celebrated its 35th anniversary and found its estranged former members striking out on their own anniversary tour while still others battle cancer.
324317 The Ecstasy of Wilko Johnson confronts our worst nightmares of impending death and turns them upside down. It tells the extraordinary yet universal story of legendary musician Wilko Johnson who diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and given a few months to live accepted his fate with uplifting positivity and embarked on a farewell tour capturing the imagination of the world as he went. But like every good story Wilko's has a damn fine twist in its tail. Two years later and confounding the odds Wilko wakes up in a hospital bed unexpectedly sentenced to live having now to integrate those enlightened lessons learnt under sentence of death into the unexpected and ongoing future of his life.
324320 Theory of Obscurity tells the story of the renegade sound and video collective known as The Residents…a story that spans 40 years and is clouded in mystery. Many details surrounding the group are secret including the identities of its members. They always perform wearing masks and costumes which is part of their magic.  At its heart this story is about perseverance and chasing your dream. The Residents never caved to convention. They never compromised. They’ve followed their muse for decades and thousands of fans have hung on for the ride. Along the way they’ve also inspired many people to be weird take chances and find their own voice.
"324442 On a Friday evening in Lake Placid New York a plucky band of American collegians stunned the vaunted Soviet national team 4-3 in the medal round of the 1980 Winter Olympic hockey competition. Americans couldn't help but believe in miracles that night and when the members of Team USA won the gold medal two days later they became a team for the ages. This film explores the ""Miracle on Ice"" through the Soviet lens. While focused on the game itself the journey of the stunned Soviet team didn't begin -- or end -- in Lake Placid."
324978 Set in 1952 Grey Rocks – a centuries old town that was famous 250 years ago as a favored port of pirates – Pirate’s Passage follows the story of 12-year-old Jim. Fraught by the death of his father and forced to endure schoolyard bullying each day Jim manages to carry on buoyed by his optimistic imagination and fueled by his sense of adventure. The sudden arrival of Captain Johnson whose small sailboat has been thrown off course by a storm changes Jim’s life.  The Captain quickly becomes a mentor and friend to Jim giving him extraordinary lessons in self-reliance and determination. Soon Jim develops a liberating self-assurance that so deeply touches the Captain that he allows Jim to see evidence that the Captain may be more than meets the eye. Is Captain Johnson the same Charles Johnson who was a pirate there two hundred years ago? The lad goes with him on a literal journey into the past to find out and emerges able to navigate the course of his life.
325071 A sleuthing garage sale maven suspects foul play when her friend dies in an old house with a cursed reputation. Even though police evidence - and even webcam footage of the death – point to natural causes – this mysterious death in a cursed” home poised for multi-million dollar sale seems too coincidental. Putting her keen instincts to work she examines a few key suspects. As she digs into this deadly mystery she uncovers clues that bring her closer to the truth and even put her own life in danger.
"325123 A beautiful diva is murdered on the set of horror director Vincent Augustine's latest film ""Chapel Blood."" Somewhere between the crime scene and the coroner's van the body mysteriously disappears. Meanwhile the city's supply of donated blood is being dangerously depleted. Suspecting a connection between the events detectives Mike Hung and Sasha Colfax go undercover at the studio to investigate. Their attempt to crack the case quickly turns into a desperate battle for survival when they uncover an age-old war between rival vampire covens that threatens to consume humanity in a final grisly assault of Teeth and Blood!"
325131 In the real world you can't just do what you want. In the real world you have to compromise. Mark Blazey does not want to live in the real world. Living in a semi-industrial coastal town seventeen-year old Mark is a smart kid from a chaotic family who has just thrown away a scholarship to a private school and found himself at the local high. At school Mark is zeroed in on by an overbearing principal who dominates everything around him. At home Mark is dealing with a jail-bound brother his grandmother is fighting for her life and a mum who's short fuse is kept doused with cask wine. His little sister is someone he wants to protect. When Mark finds his first real love he tries to escape all the forces in his life with her. But his love is with the daughter of his nemesis the school principal. Simmering tensions boil over between the student and the teacher between the son and his mother.
325204 With Blocking the Path to 9/11 Citizens United Productions exposes the amazing untold story behind the public firestorm surrounding The Path to 9/11. It presents courageous interviews with the original film's writer/producer director and editors as well as numerous terrorism experts and the head of the 9/11 Commission. This documentary sets the historical record straight with explosive new revelations. For all those who seek the truth about 9/11 and want to learn the real story behind this shocking saga Blocking the Path to 9/11 is required viewing.
325571 Spoofie: Die Wilde Weste is a movie within a movie created to spoof the western genre...  Writer/Director Remano De Beer takes a classic John Wayne western removes the voice track and re-dubs it with Afrikaans dialogue. Creating a completely original comedy by rearranging existing scenes inserting new footage and re-dubbing in Afrikaans.  The year is 1875... Jan Wyn has been living the bachelor life on his Farm after the recent separation from his wife Sarie Marais. But the party is soon over when his wife suddenly arrives back in Town intending to take their only daughter Sannie who is due home from University soon back to Cape Town with her.  Fireworks Foul Language and Violence soon erupts.
325803 Its September 1960 and with Nigeria on the verge of independence from British colonial rule a northern Nigerian Police Detective DAN WAZIRI is urgently despatched by the Colonial Government to the trading post town of Akote in the Western Region of Nigeria to solve a series of female murders that have struck horror in the hearts and minds of the local community. On getting to Akote more murders are committed and with local tension high and volatile Waziri has a race on his hands to solve the case before even more local women are killed. Set against the backdrop of the national celebratory mood of the impending independence Waziri is pulled into a game of cat and mouse as he and the killer try to outwit each other...
326058 Lucy Castillo a young med student has just given up a prized summer internship to bail out her troubled younger brother Sal... again. He needs cash fast and after being unable to find a job Lucy reluctantly accepts the too-good-to-be-true position as a housekeeper offered to her through a friend of a friend. For only three weeks work she will be paid enough to get Sal out of trouble. Things start to take a disturbing turn however as the job reveals itself to be anything but normal. Her never-seen employer seems to have a dark side and Lucy's own haunted past begins to reappear tormenting her. As the job spirals out of control and Sal's life hangs in the balance Lucy's grip on reality disappears.
326132 Since its inception in Venezuela in 1976 the El Sistema youth orchestra program has transformed the lives of disadvantaged children worldwide by putting musical instruments in their hands and encouraging them through the mysterious power of music. Following the lives of three participants in the Philadelphia and New York programs Jamie Berstein’s impassioned film introduces Raven a young violinist with natural talent yet an overshadowing ego; Zebadiah who needs the confidence to defeat his social awkwardness; and Mohammed a trombonist whose falling grades threaten his ability to stay in the program.
326215 It's the end of the world. A flood is coming. Luckily for Dave and his son Finny a couple of clumsy Nestrians an Ark has been built to save all animals. But as it turns out Nestrians aren't allowed. Sneaking on board with the involuntary help of Hazel and her daughter Leah two Grymps they think they're safe. Until the curious kids fall off the Ark. Now Finny and Leah struggle to survive the flood and hungry predators and attempt to reach the top of a mountain while Dave and Hazel must put aside their differences turn the Ark around and save their kids. It's definitely not going to be smooth sailing.
326270 A mysterious video falls into the hands of a troupe of reporters following an accident involving three thirty-something year olds – two men and a woman. The video chronicles the lives of the trio one week prior during their road-trip through the French Riviera to shoot a commercial. Shot in the style of found footage – sometimes with an iPhone – this innovative film touts itself as the first “selfie” movie. But this isn’t a cheeky jab at today’s culture of obsessive self-documentation. Director Lorenzo Corvino’s debut film was born out of a desire to capture the spirit and frustrations of Generation X the post baby boomers who inherited the economic crisis of the prior generation and who now struggle to compete with the increasingly tech-savvy younger generations. - Vivian Yuen
326379 When NATO troops withdrew from Afghanistan the Afghan National Army (ANA) took over control of Helmand Province an extremely dangerous region where attacks by Taliban fighters are the order of the day. Security much less peace would seem to be unattainable; it is even difficult to find a common language in a country where everyone mistrusts each other. The directors of this film accompanied an ANA company during a year of frontline duty in Helmand. The soldiers are paid irregularly there are not enough supplies and their equipment is substandard. They cannot fight a war with the equipment left behind by the ISAF.
326416 Amar Akbar &amp; Tony follows the lives and loves of three childhood friends through twists and turns as the characters face sudden and unforeseen changes to their idealistic and trouble-free young lives. With hilarious and sometimes tragic consequences the brotherly bond shared by the trio is forced to come to terms with some unexpected challenges. Interracial marriage near fatal accidents and stints in prison will test old friendships and family values. A coming of age comedy drama showing the absurdities of life can also be the most amusing.
326423 To survive harsh economic times Calvin and Angie have merged the barbershop and beauty salon into one business. The days of male bonding are gone as Eddie and the crew must now contend with sassy female co-workers and spirited clientele. As the battle of the sexes rages on a different kind of conflict has taken over Chicago. Crime and gangs are on the rise leaving Calvin worried about the fate of his son. Together the friends come up with a bold plan to take back their beloved neighborhood.
"326519 1. Intro 2. Steelhammer 3. King Of Mean 4. Future Land 5. Cry Of A Nation 6. Trip To Nowhere 7. They Want War 8. Never Cross My Way 9. Stranger 10. Stay True 11. In The Darkness 12. Azrael 13. No Limits 14. Mean Machine 15. Burning Heat 16. Metal Machine 17. Devil's Bite 18. Go Back To Hell 19. Timebomb 20. Holy 21. Metal Heart  Russia has a special meaning for Udo Dirkschneider and his band U.D.O.. They were one of the very first international artists to tour the huge country of Russia - and their fans are still very thankful until this day. So recording a LIVE DVD to highlight the “Steelhammer” tour was an opportunity the band didn’t want to miss. ""Steelhammer - Live from Moscow"" was recorded on September 28th 2013 in the ""Arena Hall"" in Moscow"
326791 01 We're Gonna Groove  02 I Can't Quit You Baby  03 Dazed and Confused (Beginning Part)  04 White Summer (Beginning Part)  05 What Is and What Should Never Be  06 Moby Dick (Ending Part)  07 Whole Lotta Love  08 Communication Breakdown  09 Bring It On Home/Bring It On Back  10 Immigrant Song  11 Black Dog  12 Misty Mountain Hop  13 The Ocean  14 Going to California  15 In My Time of Dying  16 Stairway to Heaven  17 Rock and Roll  18 Nobody's Fault but Mine  19 Kashmir  20 Whole Lotta Love
326964 A full length documentary film recounting the events surrounding the widely publicized and controversial raid of a Fort Worth Texas gay bar in 2009. Following a sordid aftermath Fort Worth would become a leader in LGBT (Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender) equality. However that journey was not smooth and without controversies. Witness history unfold as this film documents that journey from the perspective of eyewitnesses activists and politicians who helped change the city. Narrated by television icon and Emmy nominated actress Meredith Baxter.
327087 Originally from the southwest of the Netherlands Sandra Roelofs met Mikheil Saakashvili while studying in Strasbourg. She fell for this politically-minded Georgian’s relentless charm and followed him first to the United States and then to his homeland. She was present when partly under his leadership the Georgian government was deposed during the Rose Revolution in 2003 and again at his inauguration as president and 10 years later at his electoral defeat partly brought about by the release of photographs of torture in Georgian prisons and the growing corruption of the government in power. The camera follows Roelofs over the course of her last year as Georgia’s First Lady. Backed by a wealth of archive material she talks about her love for her husband and his country about how power changed him and about their family life and the pain caused by their physical separation.
327249 Rotterdam 2040 is a film about the city’s future departing from the principle of Gyz La Rivičre that you can’t look ahead without considering your past (something that hasn’t always been Rotterdam’s strongest feature). At high speed La Rivičre reconstructs the history of Rotterdam from the time before the bombings until now and expands the developments to the year 2040 (100 years after the bombing and the 700th anniversary of the city).  La Rivičre made a specific choice to expose his personal vision which is sometimes radical or a little absurd. So no experts and no talking heads but an assault of old and new imagery held together by La Rivičre as the narrator of the film.  Although Rotterdam 2040 deals with architecture and urban renewal it is actually a film about people. The subjective experience of the city by its (future) occupants mainly determines the parade of architectural blunders and suggestions for the future. All tongue-in-cheek of course.
327352 Known as one of the best and most prolific comedians working today Christopher Titus releases his sixth 90-minute comedy special The Angry Pursuit of Happiness his best performance to date. The show takes the audience on a wild ride from Titus’ solution to the world’s problemshe fixes everything in a way you wont believe to his insight on “Here’s how life goes” to his ‘me-logy’ where Titus gives his own eulogy. Titus takes this special to new comedic places he hasn’t gone yet. At an hour and 45 minutes it’s double what a normal special brings as Titus says “We need comedy to get rid of our desire to kill”
327379 Uriah Heep indisputably invented hard rock in conjunction with Black Sabbath Deep Purple and Led Zeppelin and have sold in excess of 40 million albums since their inception in 1969.  Track listing:  Against All Odds - Overload - Traveller In Time - Sunrise - Stealin’ - I'm Ready - Can't Take That Away - Between Two Worlds - One Minute - Nail On The Head - Into The Wild - Gypsy - Look At Yourself - July Morning - Lady In Black - Free 'N' Easy - Easy Livin'
327632 In celebration of Concord Records’ 30th Anniversary Grammy® Award-winner Poncho Sanchez took to the stage of the legendary Montreux Jazz Festival taking the audience by storm with a typhoon of his signature Latin rhythms. Absolutely riveting in performance the bearded giant of Latin jazz is as much fun to watch as he is to hear. All of the electrifying energy and excitement that is Poncho Sanchez live is vividly captured in this exhilarating DVD.  Track List:  1. One Mint Julep  2. El Shing-a-ling  3. Guaripumpe  4. I Showed Them  5. Conmigo  6. Out Of Sight  7. Watermelon Man
"327635 It brought back fantastic memories of having had the privilege of seeing Monsieur Aznavour at Carnegie Hall in 1980. Each song on this DVD is a jewel. I enjoyed his brief introductions to explain or translate some of the lyrics setting the mood. Notable among them is ""Mon émouvant amour"" during which he uses sign language. The selections offer us a broad spectrum of emotion and life - love (of course) frustration lost opportunity reflection homosexuality religion. The orchestra and backup vocalists are flawless. Although he's performed for decades I got the feeling that he still loves to interact with his audience. Although in his early 70's when this concert was recorded his passion supreme musicality stamina and professionalism are evident at all times. This DVD is a ""must-have"" for newcomers and longtime fans!"
"327892 When his brother disappears mentally disabled Langston Bellows (Gbenga Akinnagbe) is left without a protector in Brooklyn's housing projects. Now under the control of his abusive mother (Alfre Woodard) Langston must take his future into his own hands. He sets out to find the one doctor he believes can cure him a celebrity magazine columnist who touts questionable prescription drug cocktails. If Langston can become ""mentally excellent"" it will mean moving into an apartment of his own with his girlfriend who may herself be a creation of his wishful thinking. Landing in the unscrupulous world of pharmaceutical marketing the search for his mysterious doctor and hero leads to some unwanted discoveries. Langston strives for independence from his prior life; from his mother from his neighborhood and from his fractured mind - while all around him people are not who they seem."
328018 Concert recorded live in Milan from 3 to 5 January 2014. They are just waiting for you! The students of Studio 21 Violetta León Diego and all other are on the scene of Mediolanum Forum in Milan to make you live an unforgettable concert. They interpret the must live songs from the first two seasons of your favorite series Disney Channel. Violetta The Concert DVD offers exceptional moments. Discover exclusive Violetta and her band at the heart of scenes to share with them their emotions before they climb on stage. Get ready to sing dance and relive the greatest moments of the concert event.
328153 Anyone who grows up in Sandton spends a lot of time hanging out at pools and drug-filled parties – for this part of Johannesburg is the richest spot in the whole of Africa. Necktie Youth portrays this first post-apartheid gilded youth in striking black-and-white. Soft colours are reserved for their childhood memories of the early years of the rainbow nation. White 19-year-old Emily did not understand the codes of their set and could not take the pace of the ever-changing fleeting liaisons says the super cool black and privileged September when he tries to explain to a TV reporter why Emily hung herself in her parents’ garden. She even positioned her camera in such a way that her suicide could be streamed live.
"328246 ""Salad Days: A Decade of Punk in Washington DC (1980-90)"" examines the early DIY punk scene in the Nation's Capital. It was a decade when seminal bands like Bad Brains Minor Threat Government Issue Scream Void Faith Rites of Spring Marginal Man Fugazi and others released their own records and booked their own shows-without major record label constraints or mainstream media scrutiny. Contextually it was a cultural watershed that predated the alternative music explosion of the 1990s (and the industry's subsequent implosion). Thirty years later DC's original DIY punk spirit serves as a reminder of the hopefulness of youth the power of community and the strength of conviction."
"328346 He made perhaps the most dramatic shot in the history of the NCAA basketball tournament. He's the only player to start in four consecutive Final Fours and was instrumental in Duke winning two national championships. He had looks smarts and game. So why has Christian Laettner been disliked so intensely by so many for so long? Maybe it was the time he stomped on the chest of a downed player or the battles he had with his teammates or a perceived sense of entitlement. But sometimes perception isn't reality. ""I Hate Christian Laettner"" will go beyond the polarizing persona to reveal the complete story behind this lightning rod of college basketball. Featuring extensive access to Laettner previously unseen footage and perspectives from all sides this film will be a ""gloves-off"" examination of the man who has been seen by many as the ""Blue Devil Himself."" - Written by Anonymous"
328387 Industrious high school senior Vee Delmonico has had it with living life on the sidelines. When pressured by friends to join the popular online game Nerve Vee decides to sign up for just one dare in what seems like harmless fun. But as she finds herself caught up in the thrill of the adrenaline-fueled competition partnered with a mysterious stranger the game begins to take a sinister turn with increasingly dangerous acts leading her into a high stakes finale that will determine her entire future.
328636 Directed by UK-horror scene stalwart Calum Waddell and hosted by scream queen Debbie Rochon (Terror Firmer Tromeo and Juliet) Scream Queens: Horror Heroines Exposed features in a change of pace for horror documentaries especially those focusing on females in the genre an all-female line-up discussing horror movies from their perspective – exploring the challenges of being an actress in a genre predominantly made by and for men from how they came about to be defined as a “scream queen” about the vagaries of the genre: nudity violence misogyny etc. and about how they feel about the genre and the label
328759 The original queen of crossover country-pop and the world s best-selling female country artist of all time Shania Twain stars in her spectacular show Shania: Still The One. This groundbreaking residency show was filmed live at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace Las Vegas where it began its run on December 1st 2012. Shania: Still The One was created by Shania Twain and directed by Raj Kapoor. It takes the audience on a powerful journey through Shania s biggest hits country favorites and beloved crossover songs. Glamorous costumes a 13-piece live band and backing singers and dancers are combined with stunning visuals and live horses to create the ultimate Las Vegas entertainment and to prove that Shania Twain is undoubtedly Still The One!
328923 We spend the majority of our lives in a kind of hibernation functional but separate from the source of our being. What can we do to wake up? Catharina Roland explores this crucial question inviting us to share in her deeply enriching journey to discover how we can be whole again how we can heal ourselves and the environment we live in and how we can leave the cocoons of our perception to face our own selfishness and fears.  Through lessons from visionaries and spiritual teachers as well as numerous exercises Awake in the Dream gives us the tools to break down the walls of the person we have created for ourselves. Complete the transformation from caterpillar to butterfly. Tap into the potential that has existed since the beginning of time and wake up to the wholeness that awaits each and every one of us.
328953 Underneath the surface of a sleepy country town a brutal drug war rages as rival crime syndicates battle to control the heroin supply thats fueling a rural epidemic. When Sandra a young documentary filmmaker arrives in town committed to exposing the town's dark secrets an unstable situation turns explosive. For Sandra is the long lost daughter of Devon Green a savage enforcer for a drug kingpin as powerful as he is cruel. As she delves deeper into the desperate underworld of addiction greed and power Sandra becomes a pawn in a violent drug war. Will Devon stay loyal to his bosses or defend the daughter he never knew? Are blood ties stronger than the lust for money and power?
329007 IN MY FATHER'S HOUSE explores identity and legacy in the African-American family as Grammy award-winning rapper Che 'Rhymefest' Smith and his long-lost father reconnect and try to build a new future in Chicago's turbulent South Side. Himself a child of a broken home Che hasn't seen his father Brian in over 20 years and presumes him dead. But after buying his father's childhood home Che sets out to find him and learns that his is now a homeless alcoholic living only several blocks away/ The film offers a probing take on memory and identity in a family two generations removed from slavery as it tracks Che and Brian's shared journey to create a new legacy for themselves their community and the next generation of family.
329390 All the goals and all the action from a thrilling 2013 / 14 season for Liverpool FC. Includes interviews with Daniel Sturridge Raheem Sterling Jon Flanagan Simon Mignolet Jordan Henderson Martin Skrtel Brendan Rodgers Steven Gerrard and Luis Suarez. The mighty Reds have become the great entertainers powered by the goals of dynamic duo Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge and driven on by their inspirational skipper Steven Gerrard. Including the triumphant double over fierce rivals Manchester United and comprehensive stunning victories over Everton and Arsenal. This 110 minute DVD features all the goals all the games and exclusive interviews with the manager and star players.
329512 Documentary in which painter and critic Matthew Collings charts the rise of abstract art over the last 100 years whilst trying to answer a set of basic questions that many people have about this often-baffling art form. How do we respond to abstract art when we see it? Is it supposed to be hard or easy? When abstract artists chuck paint about with abandon what does it mean? Does abstract art stand for something or is it supposed to be understood as just itself?
"329697 In 1982 three 11 year-olds in Mississippi set out to remake their favorite film: Raiders of the Lost Ark. It took seven turbulent years that tested the limits of their friendship and nearly burned down their mother's house. By the end they had completed every scene except one... the explosive airplane scene. 30 years later they attempt to finally realize their childhood dream by building a replica of the 75 foot ""Flying Wing"" plane from Raiders in a mud pit in the backwoods of Mississippi... and then blow it up! This is the story behind the making of what is known as ""the greatest fan film ever made."""
330125 With great bawdiness and backbone a rugby team made up of farmers strive to redeem themselves from a long run of bitter losses. In the face of the hefty demands of farming and fatherhood the Saturday game becomes the focus of the men’s passions and the ground on which their worth is proved. ‘The Ground We Won’ is a highly authentic slice of life film about the challenges and joys of manhood as seen through the rites and rituals of a rural New Zealand rugby club.
"331078 Foreigner celebrates 25 years of providing some of the most well-known rock songs ever in this live compilation from their 2002 25th Anniversary Tour. The band (Mick Jones Lou Gramm Jeff Jacobs Bruce Turgon Tom Gimbel Denny Carmassi) rolls through 11 of their classics while providing some rare behind the scenes clips from the tour.  Track Listing:  1. Introduction  2. Long Long Way from Home '95  3. Double Vision  4. Cold As Ice  5. Head Games  6. Fool for You Anyway  7. That Was Yesterday  8. Dirty White Boy  9. Feels Like the First Time  10. Urgent  11. Juke Box Hero  12. Hot Blooded  13. I Want to Know What Love Is [Bonus Track]  [performed by Mick Jones and Lou Gramm with a full orchestra at the ""Night Of The Proms"" in Antwerp Belgium in October 2002.]"
331098 Better a witty fool than a foolish wit.'  Filled with a cast of unforgettable characters Twelfth Night combines cruelty with high comedy and the pangs of unrequited love with some of the subtlest poetry and most exquisite songs Shakespeare ever wrote.  The Globe revisits its award-winning Twelfth Night of 2002 with an all-male Original Practices production exploring clothing music dance and settings possible in the Globe of around 1601.  Mark Rylance reprises his performance of Olivia in Twelfth Night 10 years after its original premiere at Middle Temple Hall and The Globe.  Synopsis  In the household of Olivia two campaigns are being quietly waged - one by the lovesick lord Orsino against the heart of the indifferent Olivia; the other by an alliance of servants and hangers-on against the high-handedness of her steward the pompous Malvolio. When Orsino engages the cross-dressed Viola to plead with Olivia on his behalf a bittersweet chain of events follows.
331303 A tribute to a legendary duo from the golden age in television variety.  From 1971 to 1987 and over the course of twelve series and eight specials The Two Ronnies was one of the nation's favourite television comedy shows. The show was practically an institution with Christmas and Easter holidays only really being complete for most families with a Two Ronnies special. This compilation features favourite sketches from sixteen years of the much-loved and much-missed programme including:  * The Vagaband Lover (before he died of drink women and horses)  * Swedish Made Simple  * Mastermind (answering the question before last) and  * The St. Botolph's Country Dance Team
331323 An invading alien race bent on conquering humanity. The fear of the unknown. Intelligent insects apocalyptic musings time travel mutant half-breeds invisibility formulas and mad scientists—such is the rich fantasy world imagined by H.G. Wells. With this exciting program explore the motivations the societal pressures and the inspirations behind some of Wells’ most popular works including “The War of the Worlds.” Learn more about the man whose political and sexual views were just as every bit revolutionary as his fiction. When H.G. Wells began his literary career he both shocked and thrilled the world by exposing the flaws and hypocrisy of Victorian society with his futuristic thinking and alternate views.
331464 A modern retelling of Anna Sewell’s classic novel Black Beauty explores the heartfelt story of 15 year-old Audry who makes the discovery of a lifetime whilst volunteering at a city animal shelter. Rescued from an abusive owner and recovering from a traumatic past Black Beauty possesses a most unique quality of character endearing itself to Audry and her Grandpa  who adopt the horse in order to give it a second chance and perhaps even help revitalize their own family situation. Aided by dedicated trainer James and tested by the many challenges of equine life Black Beauty has his work cut out for him as he embarks on a remarkable journey of discovery and friendship.
331588 Wisecracking gum-chewing 12-year-old Gilly is well known in the foster system. Totally unmanageable she has stayed with more families than she can remember and has outwitted them all. After all how can she settle down when her real mother the beautiful and glamourous Courtney might be out there waiting for her? When Gilly is sent to live with the Trotters the weirdest family yet she isn’t planning to stick around. But cheerful affectionate Maime Trotter isn’t giving up on Gilly just yet...
332215 Kim Getty is an immigrant from 400 years in the future sent back to modern day Brooklyn to live out an easier life. She's built a new identity in this time that nearly satisfies: she has a full time job shares an apartment with a roommate and is falling in love. But when she finds two other people from the future--a 15-year-old girl and Kim's own long-lost husband--Kim must fight to keep the life she once had from destroying the life she built here.
332219 In his show Sagesse reportée Quebec comic Peter MacLeod explores the implications of turning forty. He knows he should be setting an example by becoming socially more mature. He should have a wife not a girlfriend a joint account a minivan a Costco membership a season golf pass and a seat on Josélito Michaud’s Orford Express. In other words he should be spending his weekends picking up reno supplies at Home Hardware going to his son’s soccer tournaments and trying out the latest Ricardo recipes. But in his quest for forty-something freedom he opts out of the exemplary suburban-dad lifestyle to show us that older doesn’t necessarily mean wiser.
332613 For many generations people in the Omo Valley (tribal southwest Ethiopia) believed some children are cursed and that these 'cursed' children bring disease drought and death to the tribe. The curse is called 'mingi' and mingi children are killed. Lale Labuko a young educated man from the Kara tribe was 15 years old when he saw a child in his village killed and also learned that he had 2 older sisters he never knew who had been killed. He decided one day he would stop this horrific practice. Filmed over a five year period we follow Lale's journey along with the people of his tribe as they attempt to change an ancient practice.
332749 MARTIN ARMSTRONG once a US based trillion dollar financial adviser used the number pi to predict economic turning points with precision. When some big New York bankers asked him to join the club to help them to take over Russia he refused to join the manipulation. A few days later the FBI stormed his offices accusing him of a 3 billion dollar Ponzi Scheme - an attempt to stop him talking about the real Ponzi Scheme of debts that the US has build up over the years and which he thinks starts to collapse after October 1 2015 a mayor pi turning point he is predicting.
"332890 Released alongside The Smashing Pumpkins greatest hits CD ""Rotten Apples"" this video collection comes with all of the Pumpkins music videos (excluding ""The End is the Beginning is the End""). It also comes with a live performance of ""Geek USA"" and ""An Ode to No One"" which is taken from their final performance at the Metro. There is also a hidden video for the never-before-released song ""Untitled"". All of the videos come with commentary from the band and some have out-takes and behind the scenes footage."
332995 When Neil Armstrong stepped onto the moon in 1969 America went down in popular history as the winner of the space race. But that history is bunk. The real pioneers of space exploration were the Soviet cosmonauts.  This remarkable feature-length documentary combines rare and unseen archive footage with interviews with the surviving cosmonauts to tell the fascinating and at times terrifying story of how the Russians led us into the space age. A particular highlight is Alexei Leonov the man who performed the first spacewalk explaining how he found himself trapped outside his spacecraft 500 miles above the Earth. Scary stuff.
333088 Every Tuesday night radio talk show host Stevie Bricks invites his listeners to call in and share their stories. When one night he asks people to share the worst thing they’ve ever done high school teacher Ron Welz can't resist. Big mistake—what he reveals sets off a chain of hilariously uncontrollable events adversely affecting his marriage and another couple. And when someone starts sending him body parts his life really begins to fall apart. Who is tormenting him? An insolent high school student? His best friend? His wife? There are over eight million people in the Naked City and everyone's a suspect.
333097 After the collapse of the Soviet Union Ukraine's social and political institutions faced massive change including an increasingly corrupt government and crippled infrastructure. A number of the nation's youth wound up homeless and addicted to a lethal cocktail of injected cold medicine and alcohol. In the early 2000s a pastor from Mariupol named Gennadiy Mokhnenko took up the fight against child homelessness by forcibly abducting street kids and bringing them to his Pilgrim Republic rehabilitation center—the largest organization of its kind in the former Soviet Union. Gennadiy's ongoing efforts and unabashedly tough love approach to his city's problems has made him a folk hero for some and a lawless vigilante to others. Despite criticism Gennadiy is determined to continue his work.
333099 In 2005 20-year-old Ryan Ferguson was convicted and sentenced to 40 years in prison for a crime he did not commit. dream/killer is the story of how his father Bill embarked on 10-year campaign to prove Ryan’s innocence. The film is chock-full of incredible characters. From the questionable District Attorney Kevin Crane and the highly-confused witness Chuck Erickson to the high-powered Chicago attorney Kathleen Zellner the doc depicts both a highly flawed justice system as well as one that can work brilliantly.
333122 The Prismatic World Tour Live is a sensory explosion of eye-popping theatrics daring acrobatics and of course all the hits. This concert film is a visually stunning production that captures Katy’s fun-loving personality and artistic vision. Spanning the entire length of the arena floor the innovative Prismatic Tour stage allows Katy to share intimate moments with her fans in a unique shared connection with the music. Directed for the stage in seven thematic acts this unmissable spectacle features hit after hit after hit and The Prismatic World Tour Live truly captures the excitement color and energy of the live Katy Perry extravaganza.
333278 August 16 1977. All of America was stunned by the news of Elvis Presley's untimely passing. Some went so far as to believe that it couldn't be true. Somehow he had faked his death. For the executives at Sun Records that fantasy became an opportunity in the form of Orion a mysterious masked performer with the voice of The King. First appearing in 1979 Orion recorded 11 albums and performed live to packed houses and rapturous fans around the nation. But who was the man behind the mask?  In this stranger-than-fiction true story Jeanie Finlay exposes the incredible life of an unknown singer plucked from obscurity and thrust into the spotlight with the complicity of a manipulative music industry and a public fan base unwilling to let The King go. Resonant in its themes of identity fate and the double-edged nature of fame Orion is a stylish mystery story that finally gives a name and a face to a gifted artist who had been unjustly deprived of both.
333287 High school guidance counselor Jeff and his platonic friend and co-worker Anne are responsible well intentioned kind… and boring. They frustratingly watch on as their peers find love and companionship while they continue to fail in spectacular fashion when it comes to romance. As they reach their loneliness breaking point they make a pact to forgo their familiar vanilla personas in exchange for their unexplored confident alter egos. They wave goodbye to Jeff’s awkward all-male book club and Anne’s flailing attempts to catch the eye of Jeff’s sexy neighbor Max and say hello to raucous summer nights filled with booze dancing and sex. Naturally things don’t exactly go according to plan.
333295 A keen observation of a sun-dappled and still-watered swamp Uncertain contemplates a frequently overlooked and enigmatic town whose lake and only real source of income comes under threat from an aquatic nuisance of the botanical variety. Perhaps unsurprisingly for a site so-named there is a lack of consensus about the Texas town's origin: whether the result of a surveyor's confusion when marking an early map or steamboat captains' belief that docking there was an unknowable impossible task an auspicious beginning is offered for the unsettled and yearning inhabitants.
333315 This documentary film explores the revival of manual work through the passion of motorcycle enthusiasts who have found their way to a happy life. Shot in 16mm in California Utah Indonesia Spain Scotland and France we have spent time with mechanics and custom shop founders trying to understand the difference between manual work and intellectual work. The unique satisfaction that result from doing something tangible the sense of time the relation between the form and the function the joy of riding in a beautiful landscape and the community and friendship that motorcycle creates.
"333327 ""Adam Goldstein was friend to many in the '90s L.A. party scene where he threw himself into a newfound life as DJ AM. Overcoming several obstacles including a troubled familial relationship and various addictions DJ AM quickly rose to the top of the music industry. A pioneer of the mashup movement he became one of the most recognizable DJs in the world. However he remained haunted by the demons of his past. After cheating death in a plane crash a subsequent overdose lead to his untimely death."
333350 David Gelb (Jiro Dreams of Sushi) tackles another venerable beloved and long-standing institution: the Mustang crown jewel of the Ford fleet. Only this institution is in turmoil. As the fiftieth anniversary of the Mustang approaches and the car industry struggles through the deepest trough of the financial crisis Ford launches a redesign. Now the jobs of workers at Ford’s Flat Rock Assembly Plant the expectations of the thousands of Mustang devotees and the livelihood of the city of Detroit are all placed squarely on the shoulders of Dave Pericak. As chief program engineer he will guide the 2015 Mustang from assembly floor to showroom—if only he can get that vibration out of the steering wheel.
333356 Can you imagine what it means to grow up as the child of a mass murderer? Hans Frank and Otto von Wächter were indicted as war criminals for their roles in WWII. Nazi Governors and consultants to Hitler himself the two are collectively responsible for thousands of deaths. But what stood out to Philippe Sands were the impressions they left on their sons. While researching the Nuremberg trials the human rights lawyer came across two men who re-focused his studies: Niklas Frank and Horst von Wächter. The men hold polar opposite views on the men who raised them.
333375 Americans consume 75% of the world’s prescription drugs. After losing his own brother to the growing epidemic of prescription drug abuse documentarian Chris Bell sets out to demystify this insidious addiction. Bell’s examination into the motives of big pharma and doctors in this ever-growing market leads him to meet with experts on the nature of addiction survivors with first-hand accounts of their struggle and whistleblowers who testify to the dollar-driven aims of pharmaceutical corporations. Ultimately his investigation will point back to where it all began: his own front door.
333396 Country Music legend Johnny Cash won 11 Grammy awards and recorded over 100 hits during a prolific six-decade career. A groundbreaking singer-songwriter in his early years at Sun Records alongside Elvis Presley The Man in Black combined brooding country folk and rock 'n' roll to invent his own sub-genre; while his later 'American Recordings' - brilliant reinterpretations of contemporary songs by Nick Cave U2 and Nine Inch Nails - confirmed Cash's versatility bringing his compelling sound to younger generations. This classic anthology features unforgettable renditions of Cash's biggest hits including Cry Cry Cry Big Rover Folsom Prison Blues Five Feet high &amp; Rising I Walk The Line Ring Of Fire and the 1990s hit Bird on a Wire. A must-have collection for any fan of the king of country music Johnny Cash: Greatest Hits also features tributes from country stars Waylon Jennings Merle Haggard Marty Stuart Geln Campbell and George Jones.
"334010 Stillness In Motion - Vai Live in L.A. a spectacular performance recorded October 12 2012 at Club Nokia in Los Angeles revisits the 49th concert from Vai's monumental Story of Light World Tour. Running from 2012 through 2014 The Story of Light World Tour totaled out at 253 engagements (including shows master classes and concerts with various orchestras) in 52 countries. In addition to the full Club Nokia performance Stillness In Motion includes a bonus feature premiering ""The Space Between the Notes (Tour Mischief)"" a revelatory video diary comprised of more than three and a half hours of footage lensed around the world on-stage off-stage and behind-the-scenes during Vai's epic Story of Light World Tour."
334069 1. Tragedy 2. Motorvatin' 3. Boulevard Of Broken Dreams 4. Street Poetry 5. Cafe Avenué 6. Obscured 7. Hypermobile 8. Fashion 9. Love's An Injection 10. Whatcha Want 11. 11Problem Child 12. Mental Beat 13. Underwater World 14.Power Of Persuation 15. A Day Late A Dollar Short 16. I Can't Get It 17. Back To Mystery City 18. Until I Get You 19. Beer And Cigarette20. Worldshaker 21. Don't You Ever Leave Me 22. 11th Street Kids 23. Malibu Beach 24. High School 25. Travelin' Band 26. Taxi Driver27. Lost In The City 28. People Like Me 29. Delirious 30. Oriental Beat31. Million Miles Away 32. Up Around The Bend  Buried Alive is a concert music video by the Finnish glam punk and rock band Hanoi Rocks. The video was recorded at the Tavastia Club in Helsinki of the band's final show. The band's original rhythm guitarist Nasty Suicide appeared as a special guest on this (last show).
334085 This exciting fusion style workout blends everything from kickboxing and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to yoga and weight training in order to get you in incredible shape quickly while you have fun doing it. There are two 45-minute workouts that range in difficulty level offering everything from intermediate to advanced moves while giving modifications for the beginner and the extreme athlete looking for a challenge. So whether you are looking to drop 50 lbs or get in the best shape of your life Jillian Michaels Extreme Shed & Shred will deliver on its promise of insane ripped results in a hurry
334319 November 11 2011 -- four men with a video camera went to Hovrino's forest to make a movie about a ghost.  Kirill Alex -- 1981 year of birth. Roman Mirniy -- 1981 year of birth.  Anton Vaganov -- 1981 year of birth. Artem Varanov -- 1990 year of birth.  They left Moscow around 8 a.m. and supposedly will arrive at Hovrino's forest around noon. Six miles from Hovrino's forest on Ryazan's highway Anton Vaganov's jeep was found. Inside his jeep Kirill Alex's video camera was found. There was a tape inside this camera.
334522 Berlin in June of 1940. While Nazi propaganda celebrates the regime’s victory over France a kitchen-cum-living room in Prenzlauer Berg is filled with grief. Anna and Otto Quangel’s son has been killed at the front. This working class couple had long believed in the ‘Führer’ and followed him willingly but now they realise that his promises are nothing but lies and deceit. They begin writing postcards as a form of resistance and in a bid to raise awareness: Stop the war machine! Kill Hitler! Putting their lives at risk they distribute these cards in the entrances of tenement buildings and in stairwells. But the SS and the Gestapo are soon onto them and even their neighbours pose a threat.
334614 Art of Darkness is a feature documentary intimately profiling controversial painter and performance artist Bryan Lewis Saunders. Bryan is renowned for his commitment to producing a self portrait every day which to date number well over 10000. A complex individual with admitted psychopathic tendencies Bryan narrates his dark complex process and the experiences that have shaped him and how he uses art to help tame his inner demons. Bryan's famed 'drug series' of self portraits while under the influence of a variety of mind-altering substances has made him an Internet sensation garnering a legion of loyal fans worldwide.
334758 KMFDM's first live concert video recording in over ten years. Filmed on the last five stops of their 30th Anniversary tour in 2013 this is 90 minutes nonstop of hard-hitting KMFDM tracks spanning the complete three decade discography + includes 3 songs not on the CD.  Over 50 hours of concert footage from over 40 camera angles - including body and guitar-worn GoPros - were used to create this frenetic deep-dive into a KMFDM show.  Also included is 40-minutes of exclusive behind-the-scenes interviews with each band member about the birth and life of KMFDM. Interview questions were crowdsourced from Facebook fans and offer a unique look into life on the road and in the studio with one of the forefathers of industrial rock.
334832 The audio of this live dvd is my unreleased (well now it’s released) improved mix of Hoserama’s absolutely incredible IEM capture of Tool’s concert in Reno NV on March 9 2014. The video material is a compilation of essentially all concerts of Tool’s 2014 tour with a primary focus on Reno (where the audio capture is from) Spokane both San Francisco nights Eugene Cedar Park and the Mexico shows though all concerts are featured.  If you are a true Tool fan (and have the time) then turn off all the lights get comfortable and if you partake of illuminous material now is the time and ride the spiral from beginning to the end.
334845 Daryl Hall and John Oates are one of the most successful recording duos of all time with a string of hit singles and gold and platinum albums to their name including six US No.1 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 all of which are included in this superb live show. Filmed at the Olympia Theatre in Dublin on 15th July 2014 this was the first time Daryl Hall and John Oates had played a live show in the city. They delivered a fantastic performance packed with hits to an audience who were clearly in the mood to party as only Dublin can!
335324 Sanctitude is a concert film filmed and recorded in the stunning candle-lit setting of London’s Union Chapel. The 80 minute set features 17 songs across the albums The Great Cold Distance Viva Emptiness Brave Murder Day Last Fair Deal Gone Down and of course Dead End Kings / Dethroned & Uncrowned including fan favourite ‘Teargas’. The show closes with the sublime ‘The One You Are Looking For Is Not Here’ and a special guest appearance by Norwegian vocalist Silje Wergeland of Dutch legends The Gathering.
"335555 Taking a page from the book Ray Davies wrote in the '90s Randy Bachman launched the Vinyl Tap Tour: Every Song Tells a Story in 2013 designing the concert as a guided journey through his past. He sang hits from the Guess Who Bachman-Turner Overdrive and his solo career interspersing stories along the way adding the biographical song ""Prairie Town"" as a framing device. This 2014 set  generally has a lower energy level than the original recordings but the relaxed vibe is part of the appeal: it's not a race it's a nostalgic stroll with the amiable Bachman. If you're on the same wavelength as him it's an enjoyable way to pass the time."
335565 1. Icky Thump 2. High Ball Stepper 3. Lazaretto 4. Hotel Yorba 5. Temporary Ground 6. Missing Pieces 7. Steady As She Goes 8. Top Yourself 9. I'm Slowly Turning Into You 10. Freedom At 21 11. Three Women 12. You Don't Know What Love Is (You Just Do As You're Told) 13. We're Going To Be Friends 14. Alone In My Home 15. Ball And Biscui t16. The Lemon Song 17. The Hardest Button To Button 18. Hello Operator 19. Pipeline 20. Miserlou 21. Sixteen Saltines 22. Cannon 23. Blue Blood Blues 24. Astro 25. Love Interruption 26. Little Bird 27. 7 Nation Army Exclusive to the Third Man Records Vault subscribers in Package #22 is TMR294DVD. This extended 27-track headlining set was recorded live at Bonnaroo 2014 on Saturday June 14.
335693 The story follows former football hooligan Ray Knight (Steven Mackintosh) a normal everyday family man who works as a security guard at a financial trading company in Canary Wharf the symbol of corporate wealth which looms high over the impoverished communities below. Newfound social responsibilities are trampled underfoot when Ray's racist past is revived amid tensions between Whites and Asians jostling for position on the council housing list. Among those who are wanting to be rehoused in a new development is Ray's alcoholic ex-wife Sadie (Camille Coduri) and his teenage daughter Nikki (Sadie Thompson). After a failed attempt to rehouse Sadie and Nikki and soon discovering that Nikki is involved in heroin addiction Ray's anger drives him to re-join a BNP organisation led by his old friend Larry Knowles (Keith Barron).
335805 With the Vietnam War raging in 1969 two young fathers report for duty. A man of great faith and a doubtful cynic. A quarter-century later their sons Wayne and John Paul (David A.R. White and Kevin Downes) meet as strangers. Guided by handwritten letters from their fathers from the battlefield they embark on an unforgettable journey to The Wall-the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington D.C. Along the way they discover the devastation of war cannot break the love of a father for his son.
336000 A young girl is raised in a dysfunctional family constantly on the run from the FBI. Living in poverty she comes of age guided by her drunkard ingenious father who distracts her with magical stories to keep her mind off the family's dire state and her selfish nonconformist mother who has no intention of raising a family along with her younger brother and sister and her other older sister. Together they fend for each other as they mature in an unorthodox journey that is their family life.
336052 This landmark release recorded in October 2014 in a joint effort by earMUSIC and the BBC captures the band’s first ever live acoustic performance at the glorious Roundhouse in London. This sensational recording features the new pared-back side of Quo as revealed on the hit 2014 album ‘Aquostic! (Stripped Bare)’. This album soared to number 5 in the charts giving the band their highest placing for 18 years and has now been certified Gold. It was in fact the best-selling independent label album of 2014!
336220 In an invisible territory at the margins of society at the border between anarchy and illegality lives a wounded community that is trying to respond to a threat: of being forgotten by political institutions and having their rights as citizens trampled. Disarmed veterans taciturn adolescents drug addicts trying to escape addiction through love ex-special forces soldiers still at war with the world floundering young women and future mothers and old people who have not lost their desire to live. Through this hidden pocket of humanity the door opens to the abyss of today's America.
336251 The films follows a man through the post apocalyptic environment of the housing crisis in the Mojave Desert. His job is to rid the pools of foreclosed homes of unwanted pests. On the road through this isolated region he reflects on alternative ways of living and finds himself in his own solitude. CALIFORNIA CITY is a hybrid film which fluidly crosses the borders between fiction documentary and essay. The form reflects the narrator's state of mind through feature film elements and an impressionistic use of images photos and narration.
336398 This film dwells with Alit's last day in San Francisco. After five years of study he is finally returning home to Indonesia to the arm of his beloved mother. At the same time Alit realizes that this is his last chance to woo Tasya his housemate Bima ex-girlfriend. However destiny has something else in mind. On this day starting from 6:30 a.m. until 6:30 a.m. the next morning they (Alit Tasya and Bima) will find out the true meaning of friendship and the choices that they will have to make along the way.
336504 Marking the 80th birthday of one of Broadway's great innovators the first ever all-Sondheim Prom at the Royal Albert Hall. The concert includes excerpts from hit shows A Little Night Music Sweeney Todd and Into the Woods performed by a starry cast of leading figures of the opera and theatre worlds with Bryn Terfel Maria Friedman Simon Russell Beale and some special guests. Also on stage is the BBC Concert Orchestra conducted by David Charles Abel. Introduced by Katie Derham.
"336578 For those who attended any concert on the Warren Haynes Band's tour in support of the brilliant Man in Motion this is your keepsake. The set features stretched-out versions of all but one track from that album performed live at Austin's Moody Theater in 2011. In addition his killer sextet offers readings of two tracks from Haynes' first solo album Tales of Ordinary Madness a new version of Gov't Mule's ""Frozen Fear"" and a host of great covers: from Sam Cooke's ""A Change Is Gonna Come"" and Jimi Hendrix's ""Spanish Castle Magic"" to Steely Dan's ""Pretzel Logic."" Haynes' live band is a crack outfit. There is an augmented guest horn section on two cuts and Ian McLagan plays guest keys on three."
"336605 When the search engine he designs answers ""yes"" to the question ""is the government of the United States evil?"" a brilliant computer programmer is arrested and held in isolation. Desperate but keenly aware of the answer's potential effect on the public the programmer strikes a deal with his interrogators agreeing to re-design the software in exchange for his freedom. As they search to understand why the program answered an ethical question and try to find a way to change its response the faith and patience of both the programmer and his captors are put to the test. Suspenseful and darkly comic S.E.R.P. is a film about coercion innovation and whether it is possible to do something good in the service of something evil."
"336775 ""All-Stars"" is a hilarious commentary on the state of all youth sports today fueled by the outrageous behavior of the desperate sports parent living vicariously through his or her child. In the vein of ""Best in Show"" where it's more about the dog owners than the dogs - ""All-Stars"" is about the adults involved in youth sports (parents coaches umpires volunteers board members etc.) more than the kids. The end result is a funny yet compelling spin on fast pitch softball as well as a unique state of affairs on the outlandish antics of a few crazed parents."
337065 While navigating life with his hyper-protective mother along the enigmatic Outer Banks of North Carolina's coast (site of the first attempted English settlement in the New World) conflicted teen Loren learns of his expecting girlfriend's ambivalence toward him. After a near tragic accident he must learn to assemble the broken pieces into a stronger wiser form and approach a more worldly consciousness. A searchlight cast upon the earliest traces of America and the mystery of settlers vanished Lost Colony scans a once virgin watershed for signs of life.
"337112 Gary Barlow performs 28 tracks on his 2014 ‘Since I Saw You Last’ Tour live from the Manchester Phones 4U Arena.  The show features much loved solo and Take That classics as well as material from his double platinum solo album 'Since I Saw You Last'.Set list  First songs  ""Since I Saw You Last  ""Greatest Day""  ""Candy  ""Requiem""  ""Pray""  ""A Million Love Songs""  ""Shine"" (with Eliza Doolittle)  ""Lie to Me""  Acoustic medley  ""How Deep Is Your Love""  ""Shame""  ""So Help Me Girl""  Swing medley  ""Sure""  ""Everything Changes""  ""Could It Be Magic""  Ballads medley  ""Nobody Else""  ""Love Ain't Here Anymore""  ""Dying Inside""  ""Said It All""  ""The Garden""  ""Forever Love""  Final songs  ""Sing"" (with a local school choir)  ""The Flood""  ""Face to Face"" (with Elton John on the big screen)  ""Back for Good""  ""Relight My Fire""  ""Let Me Go""  ""Rule the World""  Encore  ""Jump""  ""Never Forget"""
337117 The 28th annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony honors: Rush Albert King Heart Randy Newman Public Enemy Donna Summer Lou Adler and Quincy Jones.  Special guests are set to include John Mayer and Gary Clark Jr. who will perform for King; Don Henley who will induct Newman; Jennifer Hudson who will perform in honor of Summer; Kelly Rowland Tom Petty and Dave Grohl and Taylor Hawkins of the Foo Fighters who will induct Rush.  The star-studded event will also feature appearances by Tom Morello Usher Pearl Jam's Mike McCready Jerry Cantrell of Alice In Chains Spike Lee Harry Belafonte Carole King Chris Cornell Cheech &amp; Chong Jackson Browne and John Fogerty.
337165 Heather is an attractive competitive softball player used to winning. Tyler is a competitive baseball player charming and saintly who hasn't kissed. So what happens when Heather tries to get his first kiss and Tyler tries to win her heart to help launch his baseball career? It results in a head-on competition igniting a series of of light-hearted ploys of cat-and-mouse that will keep you interested to the end. To top it off falling in love wasn't a part of their plan...so now Tyler must choose between his dream and Heather. And she must choose between love and changing who she was.
"337254 On 20 November 2007 a 20th anniversary edition of The Joshua Tree was released. Three-disc box set came with bonus audio CD and DVD. The bonus DVD features live concert footage a documentary and two music videos. The disc includes Live from Paris an 85-minute concert from 4 July 1987 that was originally broadcast on British television in celebration of the 25th anniversary of Island Records. It was later released as a live album through the iTunes Store in July 2008; three cover songs are excluded from both releases of the concert. The documentary titled Outside It's America was a 1987 MTV production about The Joshua Tree Tour. The two music videos are an alternate version ""With or Without You"" and the previously unreleased video for ""Red Hill Mining Town"". Footage of U2's alter ego country band The Dalton Brothers is included on the disc as an Easter egg."
337372 A great war has just finished and the dust is settling across a vast wasteland when a giant robot finds himself wandering lost and alone. Luckily he stumbles into a tiny hapless robot who has lost his memory and is now stuck with his new companion. Together the pair decide to journey across the desert in search of Ram the creator of all robots to learn more about themselves. Along the way the pair quickly become close friends as an array of adventures and mishaps teach them that where you belong is wherever you are happiest and that to learn who you are you just need to listen to your heart. A fun lively and heart-warming adventure The Robot Giant is a vibrant animation perfect for all family!
337401 When the Emperor of China issues a decree that one man per family must serve in the Imperial Chinese Army to defend the country from Huns Hua Mulan the eldest daughter of an honored warrior steps in to take the place of her ailing father. She is spirited determined and quick on her feet. Disguised as a man by the name of Hua Jun she is tested every step of the way and must harness her innermost strength and embrace her true potential.
337404 In 1970s London amidst the punk rock revolution a young grifter named Estella is determined to make a name for herself with her designs. She befriends a pair of young thieves who appreciate her appetite for mischief and together they are able to build a life for themselves on the London streets. One day Estella’s flair for fashion catches the eye of the Baroness von Hellman a fashion legend who is devastatingly chic and terrifyingly haute. But their relationship sets in motion a course of events and revelations that will cause Estella to embrace her wicked side and become the raucous fashionable and revenge-bent Cruella.
337702 Quite possibly the most recognizable voice in gospel music today is the voice of five-time Grammy-winner Russ Taff. Since his earliest days as a defining influence for The Imperials Russ has left his unique soul-print on every song he has sung. Now more than twenty years later these songs ring truer than ever for this seasoned performer. Hosted by Bill Gaither The Best Of Russ Taff reveals a side of Russ's story and songs you may have never heard before.  Includes:  When He Set Me Free  O Say But I'm Glad  Heartbreak Ridge And New Hope Road  He Came Through (The Lord Came Through)  The Really Big News  Praise The Lord  When He Calls I'll Fly Away  Ain't No Grave  What A Wonderful World  We Will Stand  Hold To God's Unchanging Hand  Born Again  They Call It Gospel Music  When The Rains Come  Farther Along  Bethlehem Galilee Gethsemane  Trumpet Of Jesus
338353 Dennis Rodman is on a mission. After forging an unlikely friendship with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un he wants to improve relations between North Korea and the US by staging a historic basketball game between the two countries. But the North Korean team isn't the only opposition he'll face... Condemned by the NBA and The Whitehouse and hounded every step of the way by the press can Dennis keep it together and make the game happen? Or will it go up in a mushroom cloud of smoke? For the first time discover the true story of what happened when Dennis Rodman took a team of former-NBA players to North Korea and staged the most controversial game of basketball the world has never seen.
338762 After he and his wife are murdered marine Ray Garrison is resurrected by a team of scientists. Enhanced with nanotechnology he becomes a superhuman biotech killing machine—'Bloodshot'. As Ray first trains with fellow super-soldiers he cannot recall anything from his former life. But when his memories flood back and he remembers the man that killed both him and his wife he breaks out of the facility to get revenge only to discover that there's more to the conspiracy than he thought.
338792 The Value Of Ignorance (1988): Jackie - Just Like U Said It Would B - Mandinka - Just Call Me Joe - Never Get Old - Jerusalem - Troy - I Am Stretched On Your Grave  The Year Of The Horse (1990): Feel So Different - The Emporers New - Clothes - I Want Your (Hands On Me) - Three Babies - Black Boys On Mopeds - Irish Ways - I Am Stretched On Your Grave - The Last Day Of Our Acquaintance - Nothing Compares 2 U - Jump In The River - Jerusalem - Troy
338952 Gellert Grindelwald has escaped imprisonment and has begun gathering followers to his cause—elevating wizards above all non-magical beings. The only one capable of putting a stop to him is the wizard he once called his closest friend Albus Dumbledore. However Dumbledore will need to seek help from the wizard who had thwarted Grindelwald once before his former student Newt Scamander who agrees to help unaware of the dangers that lie ahead. Lines are drawn as love and loyalty are tested even among the truest friends and family in an increasingly divided wizarding world.
339157 The core of the video is a pedagogical workshop on the Theory of Special Relativity as part of the educational process conducted by our youth leadership.  Not for the sake of understanding the theory itself but using Einstein's particular discovery as a case study to demonstrate and walk people through real human thinking as being something above sense perceptions or opinions.  We end with reflecting on the principle of relativity in terms of social relations and individual identities or thought processes asking the question - how was Einstein able to make his breakthrough?
339363 Lesley Hammond - This dazzling wildlife spectacle propels us into the very private world of some of our most endearing critters. Set across a global stage a parade of four legged talent struts its stuff against the backdrop of some great classical works. A live action 'Fantasia' features mighty whales breaching charging elephants the big cats and dozens of favourites performing with the symphony orchestra. A highly original event which will thrill everyone particularly those who share a growing concern for the health of the planet.  -  Pamela Rabe
339568 In Iran since the 1979 Islamic revolution women are no longer allowed to sing in public as soloists - at least in front of men. Defying censorship and taboos the young composer Sara Najafi is determined to organize an official concert for solo female singers. In order to support their fight Sara and her friends invite three French female singers Elise Caron Jeanne Cherhal and Emel Mathlouthi to join them in Tehran and collaborate on their musical project re-opening a musical bridge between Europe and Iran. Are they going to succeed and finally be gathered in Tehran sing together on stage and without restrictions and to open a door towards a new freedom of women in Iran ?
339799 Surya (Prashanth) is a carefree youth living in Malaysia with his brother Chandramohan (Raghuvaran) and sister-in-law Devi (Sukanya). Chandramohan and Devi are childless because of a problem with Chandramohan. Surya falls in love with dancer Priya (Riya Sen) and manages to steal her heart too. Just when things seem happy a bombshell is dropped by a Sister Mary who tells Surya that he is the father of a small girl Pooja. Pooja must undergo an operation to save her life but insists on seeing her dad before agreeing to the operation. Surya agrees to pose as her dad and is forced to do so on a more permanent basis even after the operation is done.
339890 Bulent Ortacgil concert with three guest female vocalists Birsen Tezer Jehan Barbur and Ceyl'an Ertem at Garajistanbul in Istanbul on 20.12.2012  Tracklist:  1- Yonca  2- Denize Doğru  3- Adalar  4- Benimle Oynar mısın  5- Olmalı mı Olmamalı mı  6- Değirmenler  7- Mum  8- Kızıma Mektup  9- Bir Tek Sen Yalanı  10- Bozburun (Ceylan Ertem)  11- Sensiz Olmaz  12- Eylül Akşamı (Jehan Barbur)  13- Hiē Canım Yanmaz (Jehan Barbur)  14- Acıtır  15- Uyusun da Büyüsün  16- Ēoktular Ama Hiē Yoktular  17- Normal  18- Kimseye Anlatmadım (Birsen Tezer)  19- Aşk Var (Birsen Tezer  20- Bu Su Hiē Durmaz (Birsen Tezer-Jehan Barbur-Ceylan Ertem)  21- Pencere Önü Ēiēeği  Personnel:  Bulent Ortacgil guitars vocals  Erkan Ogur guitars  Birol Agirbas drums  Gurol Agirbas bass  Baki Duyarlar  keyboards
"339932 From acclaimed filmmakers The Booth Brothers (Death Tunnel (Sony Pictures) Spooked The Possessed Children Of The Grave (as seen on SyFy and Chiller) comes THE UNSEEN. A celebration of The Human Spirit and it's Ghosts. What the networks could not show uncensored uncut. The truth behind the twisted paranormal cases that left the abandoned structures infested by ghosts. These are all true stories with real ghost evidence that will leave emotionally moved shocked and hungry for more! ""A compassionate message for all Ghost Hunters alike""."
339964 In the 28th century Valerian and Laureline are special operatives charged with keeping order throughout the human territories. On assignment from the Minister of Defense the two undertake a mission to Alpha an ever-expanding metropolis where species from across the universe have converged over centuries to share knowledge intelligence and cultures. At the center of Alpha is a mysterious dark force which threatens the peaceful existence of the City of a Thousand Planets and Valerian and Laureline must race to identify the menace and safeguard not just Alpha but the future of the universe.
340012 DRUGLAWED is the explosive documentary exposing how New Zealand has been co-opted by the US into fighting the failed War On Drugs.  Filmed in six countries over four years this is the documentary that finally clears the smoke around the international prohibition of cannabis.  Over the last 100 years the US government has forced its drug control policies on almost every country on earth. 40 years since Richard Nixon declared the War On Drugs in 1972 22 million Americans have been arrested for marijuana. Only one country in the world has higher arrest and conviction rates: New Zealand.  DRUGLAWED examines how New Zealand fell in lockstep with US policies and shows how smaller countries can break out.
340129 Billboards and commercial messages dominate the public space like never before. Can we reverse this visual pollution? This Space Available looks at diverse activists from the worlds of advertising street art and politics. Influenced by the writing of Marc Gobé ( Emotional Branding ) his daughter Gwenaėlle directs with tremendous verve in her depiction of New Yorkers and others around the world who want to reclaim the integrity of their cities against an onslaught of visual pollution.  From 240 hours of film 160 interviews and visits to 11 countries on five continents This Space Available charts a fascinating variety of struggles against unchecked advertising and suggests that more than aesthetics is at stake. If Jacques Attali once called noise pollution an act of violence is visual pollution also such an act?
340183 A group of mysterious villains known as 'The Alliance' sets a trap for the Taxpayer. They imprison him torture him and make plans to publicly crucify him. Local janitor Richard Randolph rounds up retired Superheroes and hatches a plan to rescue the Taxpayer. The villains stage a public rally where many citizens come to watch the Taxpayer's crucifixion. The heroes invade the bad guy lair and a large battle ensues. Various comedic and action-packed musical numbers are intertwined throughout the madness. In the midst of the big political debate and battle for mankind will the heroes save the day?
340223 Dutch immigrant Harry deLeyer journeyed to the United States after World War II and developed a transformative relationship with a broken down Amish plow horse he rescued off a slaughter truck bound for the glue factory. Harry paid eighty dollars for the horse and named him Snowman. In less than two years Harry &amp; Snowman went on to win the triple crown of show jumping beating the nations blue bloods and they became famous and traveled around the world together. Their chance meeting at a Pennsylvania horse auction saved them both and crafted a friendship that lasted a lifetime. Eighty-six year old Harry tells their Cinderella love story firsthand as he continues to train on today's show jumping circuit.
340246 Documentary - Documenting the 7th season of one man's extraordinary isolation in the wilderness 'The Big Lonely' captures the essence of loneliness survival and resilience of the human spirit in a uniquely filmed manner. Director David Manougian unveils the captivating intimate and redemptive story of Michael Nelms and his dog Tic who after becoming homeless chose a life in a remote wilderness hideout over 'living under a bridge.' Micheal's stunning self-shot account is at once gritty and heartwarming sorrowful yet awe-inspiring as we eavesdrop on a man surviving in a self-built cabin dealing with the physical and mental hardships of such a life. 'The Big Lonely' is a far too common American Story told in an uncommonly personal full-length documentary.  -
340675 The collapse of the Soviet Union led to a volatile but highly advantageous environment for young Russian businessmen eager to build the fledgling market economy by any means necessary. The most successful of these oligarchs was Mikhail Khodorkovsky who quickly became the wealthiest man in Russia. But Khodorkovsky was invested not only in business but also in true social reform and a new ideal of an open society an attitude that ran afoul of the absolute rule of Vladimir Putin. Tracing Khodorkovsky's dramatic ambiguous rise to power and subsequent fall at the hands of Putin's KGB-infested government this probing deeply troubling documentary reveals a nation still unsure of its commitment to economic and social liberties.  - Written by Los Angeles Film Festival
340776 Bigfoot has come to the town of Ellwood City PA and is causing BIG problems. Now it’s up to three town locals to take him down.  Funded by a Kickstarter campaign and filmed in Ellwood City LA Filmmaker and hometown hero Jared Show assembled a colorful cast of characters from all over the region to bring his vision to life!  The movie features some of Pittsburgh’s most famous and best loved celebrities like Curt Wootton (Pittsburgh Dad) Joanie Dodds (America’s Next Top Model) Jim Krenn (stand-up comic formerly of the WDVE morning show) Mike Wysocki (WDVE) and even veteran news anchor Darieth Chisolm (formerly of WPXI) among others.  In this comedy/horror flick mullets guns and beer are in full supply as the movie skewers the Pittsburgh ‘Yinzer’ stereotype right alongside the Bigfoot myth
"340786 A compilation disc in two parts.  The first is a collection of 70s television ads called ""What The 70s Really Looked Like"" curated by  Matt McCormick and Morgan Currie. The second part is called ""70s Remix"" (curated by Craig Baldwin and Noel Lawrence) which features a selection of art films that all make interventions on found footage from the 70s. These films include Matt McCormick's ""The Vyrotonin Decision"" Thad Povey's ""Thine Inward-Looking Eyes"" Tony Gault's ""Not Too Much Remember"" Damon Packard's ""Toast 'ems"" People Like Us's ""We Edit Life"" and Animal Charm's ""Mark Roth""."
340929 The 'stolen' insider emails that informed Nicky Hager's best-selling account of National's 2005 election campaign return in Alister Barry's (Someone Else's Country) new film - just in time to caution us against campaigning politicians in 2008. Addressing each other like schoolboy Machiavellis party leader Don Brash and his advisors spelled out how they'd copy the big boys in Australia and the US in order to win the votes of people who'd never support the kind of policies such men are widely presumed to represent. The dividing and conquering began at Orewa.
"340962 You hear his voice calling the action every week on WWE's flagship show Monday Night Raw but there is more to being king other than having the best seat in the house! In this regal new documentary Jerry ""The King"" Lawler shares the amazing story of his rise to royalty. Follow the WWE Hall of Famer from his early days to his championship-laden career in the ring his incomparable reign at the broadcast table and a king-sized list of accolades along the way. Friends and peers also join The King for this revealing look inside the life of this enduring and revered figure in sports entertainment."
341043 A love letter to Hollywood and Broadway musicals of the past. While participation in a scientific experiment a young woman falls through a wormhole and winds up in Wonderland! This is not the Wonderland you remember but a brand new world where all fairy tales exist and they are finally all grown up! On her journey to find her way back home Emmanuelle encounters The Mad Hatter Goldilocks The Big Bad Wolf Dorothy The Scarecrow Humpty Dumpty Jack and Jill Snow White The Frog Prince The Evil Queen and many more! What follows is the most outrageous sexy musical comedy of the year featuring 12 original songs! It's naked 'Glee' meets Disney on acid! For children of all ages... Over 18!
341108 Lynd Ward is the father of the American graphic novel and one of the most prolific book illustrators and printmakers in the history of American art. Featuring more than 150 wood engravings drawings and illustrations by this important American artist and storyteller the 90-minute film brings the creativity of Ward to life and illustrates his mastery of narrative without text. His work chronicles American life in the 20th century and demonstrates his deep personal commitment to social justice and the plight of the workingman surrounding the years of the Great Depression. Written narrated and directed by Michael Maglaras of 217 Films. Featuring interviews with Ward's daughter Robin Ward Savage. 2012.
341300 Dipak and Saraswati live a simple life in Kathmandu. A devoted father and an adoring husband Dipak works as a security guard while Saraswati happily tends to traditional housework. Their home is modest and their two girls are happy. Life would be perfect for the pregnant mother if only she could give her husband a son. Desperate in her desire on the advice of a stranger Saraswati prays to a new spirit with miraculous results. When the blessing turns to tragedy the distraught couple appeals to Gita a jhangrini or healer revered as a powerful spirit medium. Gita's own crisis of faith and perhaps her stunning beauty forces all three to a dizzying climax leaving the lines between secular and spiritual desires eerily blurred.
341426 1964 was the year the Beatles came to America Cassius Clay became Muhammad Ali and three civil rights workers were murdered in Mississippi. It was the year when Berkeley students rose up in protest African Americans fought back against injustice in Harlem and Barry Goldwater’s conservative revolution took over the Republican Party. In myriad ways 1964 was the year when Americans faced choices: between the liberalism of Lyndon Johnson or Barry Goldwater’s grassroots conservatism between support for the civil rights movement or opposition to it between an embrace of the emerging counterculture or a defense of traditional values.
341523 A lonely limousine driver named Victor lives an isolated existence until one evening he is forced to defend a client Raquel; from being sexually assaulted by her prom date Preston. A simple act of compassion that sets off a series of events destined to bring back a past for Victor he has fought desperately to get away from. A road trip journey through the city of Angels that reminds us that it only takes one night to change our lives forever.
341535 Who made the first animated feature film? Today forgotten Quirino Cristiani discovered the craft of animation on his own far from the experimental artists of Europe or the commercial imperatives and glamour of Hollywood. 'El Apóstol' the first ever animated movie opened in a cinema in Buenos Aires in 1917. In 1931 Cristiani's genius and industry resulted in another breakthrough when he produced 'Peludópolis' the first animated feature film with sound. This documentary shows what's left of his work a lost interview and 2 shorts that have been re-discovered during the making of this film.
341794 Tom and Jerry keep up the family pleasing pace with another fabulously funny assortment of 14 classic cartoons that have entertained generations. As usual Tom cant catch a break. When the would-be romantic sets his cats eye on some lady felines in The Mouse Comes to Dinner and Springtime for Thomas Jerry plays anti-Cupid. Or when Tom decides to dine on duck in Little Quacker and Just Ducky Jerry upsets more than just the pussy cats stomach. From seagoing shenanigans of Cruise Cat to the dancing daffiness of Down Beat Bear to the mistaken identity twists of The Missing Mouse and Jerry and Jumbo the little guy always comes out ahead and the big guy is forever left behind.
341881 On the afternoon of August 3 2013 16-year-old Hannah Anderson was abducted after finishing cheerleading practice in a San Diego suburb. When the bodies of her mother and brother were found in the burned home of family friend James DiMaggio later that day an AMBER Alert was issued and a frantic multi-state manhunt for Hannah began. For a week she was kept prisoner by the increasingly unstable DiMaggio as they made their way across the state. One week later the two were found in Idaho and DiMaggio was killed in a shootout with FBI agents leaving Hannah as the sole survivor. As the dust settled questions began to emerge about the nature of the relationship between Hannah and her kidnapper...and what really happened?
342020 Monet Cezanne Degas Renoir: some of the world’s most popular artists. Their works and that of their contemporaries fetch tens of millions of dollars around the globe. But who were they really? Why & how exactly did they paint? What lies behind their enduring appeal?  To help answer these questions this unique film secured unparalleled access to a major exhibition focussing on the man credited with inventing impressionism as we know it: 19th-century Parisian art collector Paul Durand-Ruel. This eagerly anticipated international exhibition is possibly the most comprehensive exploration of the Impressionists in history.
342091 Pauline Kael (1919–2001) was undoubtedly one of the greatest names in film criticism. A Californian native she wrote her first review in 1953 and joined ‘The New Yorker’ in 1968. Praised for her highly opinionated and feisty writing style and criticised for her subjective and sometimes ruthless reviews Kael’s writing was refreshingly and intensely rooted in her experience of watching a film as a member of the audience. Loved and hated in equal measure – loved by other critics for whom she was immensely influential and hated by filmmakers whose films she trashed - Kael destroyed films that have since become classics such as The Sound of Music and raved about others such as Bonnie and Clyde. She was also aware of the perennial difficulties for women working in the movies and in film criticism and fiercely fought sexism both in her reviews and in her media appearances.
342182 Mekko gets out of prison after 19 years. He has no home or family so he makes his way to Tulsa. He tries to connect with a cousin but she turns him away. With nowhere to go Mekko ends up sleeping on the streets. He is taken in by the homeless native community. At times jovial there is a dark undercurrent to the community. He begins having issues with a man named Bill. Bill is pure evil. Convinced that this man is a witch Mekko turns to the old teachings of his grandmother in order to rid the community of this 'witch'. It's a story of redemption and hope. Mekko is in search of his home and the strength to forgive himself of his past.
342560 The event was expected to be headlined by a 145 lbs UFC Featherweight Championship bout between current champion José Aldo and top contender Conor McGregor.  Aldo pulled out of the bout and a interim championship bout between Chad Mendes and McGregor took place at this event.  The UFC received official medical confirmation from several doctors that Aldo did not have a broken rib as he claimed and the biggest problem was the weight cutting process being complicated by the injury. This was confirmed when a release of an Xray tied to an old injury was released by Aldo's camp.  The co-main event featured a 170 lbs UFC Welterweight Championship bout between current champion Robbie Lawler and top contender Rory MacDonald.  145 lbs: Dennis Bermudez vs. Jeremy Stephens | 170 lbs: Gunnar Nelson vs. Brandon Thatch | 135 lbs.: Thomas Almeida vs. Brad Pickett
"342605 More than just a landmark in superhero animation Max Fleischer's Superman shorts were no less than the foundation for so many shows that succeeded it. Playing in theaters in 1941-42 only a few years after the Man of Steel made his debut in Action Comics these 17 exciting films were produced by Fleischer and made famous the phrase ""This looks like a job for Superman!"" At 10 minutes each film had just enough time to run the opening credits establish the threat let Lois Lane make a headstrong rush into peril and allow Clark Kent to change to his alter ego and save the day. The films show a remarkably dynamic and atmospheric storytelling style that enables them to hold up for modern viewers. At first the films followed a science fiction-fantasy theme but not unexpectedly for that time soon focused on wartime concerns."
"342820 Newport Oregon. In a coastal town Jeff and his wife Mattie work together facing the economic shifts. One son Chris is unemployed; the other Steve is away on military service. Chris is lackadaisical and shiftless Mattie perhaps drinks on the sly and tried to help her son Jeff keeps his nose to the grind-wheel. Chris is dumped by his girlfriend Jamie. Jeff scrambles to stay afloat. During a therapy session it is revealed that Chris is Jeff's step-son. Steve returns but in a ""transfer tube"". Following his funeral the family meet; an argument erupts revealing the depths of the division between Jeff and Chris. In a counseling session Chris breaks down and is comforted by the counselor. Mattie and Jeff lost in their grief each lose their way."
342857 Inhabit is a feature length documentary introducing permaculture: a design method that offers an ecological lens for solving issues related to agriculture economics governance and on. The film presents a vast array of projects concepts and people and it translates the diversity of permaculture into something that can be understood by an equally diverse audience. For those familiar it will be a call to action and a glimpse into what's possible - what kind of projects and solutions are already underway. For those unfamiliar it will be an introduction to a new way of being and a new way of relating to the Earth. For everyone it will be a reminder that humans are capable of being planetary healing forces.
342930 Ford at The Great Race 1960 to 1997.  From the humble beginnings of Phillip Island to Mount Panorama throughout this video Ford followers will relive the glory years andthe heartbreak years and get to know all over again the champions and the characters who did so much to etch the Ford name indelibly into Australian motor sport history.  Featuring candid driver interviews with Allan Moffat Dick Johnson John Bowe Glenn Seton and a few surprises. Witness the classic Fords like the Cortinas the Mustangs Falcon XR/XT the first GT’s the Falcon GTHO the Falcon XA/XB/XC the Falcon XD/XE the Sierra and all the way up to the modern day Falcons 2 litres and all the great moments of The Great Race.
342931 Ford at The Great Race 1960 to 1997.  From the humble beginnings of Phillip Island to Mount Panorama throughout this video Ford followers will relive the glory years andthe heartbreak years and get to know all over again the champions and the characters who did so much to etch the Ford name indelibly into Australian motor sport history.  Featuring candid driver interviews with Allan Moffat Dick Johnson John Bowe Glenn Seton and a few surprises. Witness the classic Fords like the Cortinas the Mustangs Falcon XR/XT the first GT’s the Falcon GTHO the Falcon XA/XB/XC the Falcon XD/XE the Sierra and all the way up to the modern day Falcons 2 litres and all the great moments of The Great Race.
343232 Follow the journey of WWE Superstar DANIEL BRYAN as he prepares for his WWE WORLD HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP match in the main event of WRESTLEMANIA 30.  In this never-before-seen director’s cut WWE cameras sit down with DANIEL BRYAN and follow his every move as he looks back on his WWE career and his bumpy road to WRESTLEMANIA.  This collection also highlights the journey of the leader of the “Yes!” Movement with the most important moments and matches in DANIEL BRYAN’s career. With all this action and more this set will make the WWE Universe point their fingers up raise their hands and shout “YES! YES! YES!”
343289 I Am Evel Knievel features footage of Evels greatest jumps including the seminal Snake River Canyon and Caesars Palace jumps. The film also showcases Knievels rise from a small town rebel in Butte Montana to a cultural icon whose rise to superstardom was built on nerves of steel and the ability to get up and do it again no matter the severity of the fall. He lived life like every day was his last which led to a tumultuous life filled with stunts no man would ever dream of encompassing meteoric success wild hubris egomaniacal mistakes and ultimately redemption. The documentary combines original exclusive interviews with archival footage of this larger-than-life character to tell Knievels incredible story. Among those featured include Matthew McConaughey Kid Rock Michelle Rodriguez Guy Fieri Robbie Maddison and family members including sons Kelly and Robbie and former wives Linda Knievel and Krystal Kennedy-Knievel.
"343348 Algiers nowadays Adel 8 years old has been taken to his grandparents Khadidja and Lounčs because his parents Rachid and Safia have been quarreling. Adel was supposed to stay with his grandparents for one week end ; then another week begins and he misses school; then he feels that he has lived there for ever. Khadidja a house wife will try to introduce Adel to her everyday life in her apartment and Lounčs a retired man will introduce him to the great world of animals. From day to day the child and his grandmother hold on to the question ""how big is your love"" to help them get through this difficult period and grow closer to each other."
343655 Maximum Tolerated Dose is the first feature-length documentary by Decipher Films. Equal parts found-footage mash-up verité investigation and artful meditation the film charts the lives of both humans and non-humans who have experienced animal testing first-hand with hauntingly honest testimony of scientists and lab technicians whose ethics demanded they choose a different path as well as the simultaneously heartwarming and heartbreaking stories of animals who have seen both sides of the cage. MTD aims to re-ignite the debate about animal testing by bringing these rarely-heard perspectives to the fore.
344078 System of a Down  - Yerevan Armenia - 23.04.2015  1. Holy Mountains 2. Jet Pilot 3. Suite-Pee 4. Prison Song 5. U-Fig 6. Aerials 7. Soldier Side - Intro 8. B.Y.O.B. 9. I-E-A-I-A-I-O 10. Radio/Video 11. Bubbles 12. CUBErt 13. Hypnotize 14. Dreaming 15. Needles 16. Deer Dance 17. P.L.U.C.K. 18. Sartarabad 19. Psycho 20. Chop Suey! 21. Lonely Day 22. Question! 23. Bounce 24. Kill Rock 'n Roll 25. Marmalade 26. Lost in Hollywood 27. Spiders 28. Mr. Jack 29. Science 30. Chic 'N' Stu 31. ATWA 32. War? 33. Arto 34. Cigaro 35. Roulette 36. Toxicity 37. Sugar
344340 Selections include Kelley's Plasticon Pictures the earliest extant 3-D demonstration film from 1922 with incredible footage of Washington and New York City; New Dimensions the first domestic full color 3-D film originally shown at the World’s Fair in 1940; Thrills for You a promotional film for the Pennsylvania Railroad; Stardust in Your Eyes a hilarious standup routine by Slick Slavin; trailer for The Maze with fantastic production design by William Cameron Menzies; Doom Town a controversial anti-atomic testing film mysteriously pulled from release; puppet cartoon The Adventures of Sam Space presented in widescreen; I’ll Sell My Shirt a burlesque comedy unseen in 3-D for over 60 years; Boo Moon an excellent example of color stereoscopic animation…and more!
344607 On September 25th 2014 shortly after the release of their World On Fire album Slash with Myles Kennedy & The Conspirators took the stage at the legendary Roxy Theatre on Sunset Strip in West Hollywood. The atmospheric venue steeped in rock history gave fans a brilliant opportunity to see the band up close as they delivered a set packed with more recent solo tracks including several from the new album and classics from Slash's earlier career with Guns 'n' Roses and Velvet Revolver. The intimate setting inspired the band to deliver a scintillating dynamic performance that is brilliantly captured on this DVD.
344758 Canyoneering is the sport of descending canyons by means of hiking climbing rappelling and swimming. Relatively obscure the sport was brought to the mainstream in 2003 with the news of Aron Ralston who had severed his own arm while trapped in a canyon. Experiencing an overnight spike in popularity by the late 90s - a result of information appearing on the internet - the sport became inundated with thrill-seekers of all backgrounds and skill levels. Facing a new era of off-the-couch recreationalists three influential participants a canyoneering instructor pioneer and guidebook author each respond to a growing interest in the incredibly dangerous activity. Gorging employs the story of canyoneering to examine larger questions about the pursuit of thrills and the consequences that follow.
345470 Hector has been living on the motorways for years. His once comfortable family life has been replaced by a never-ending tour of service stations that offer him shelter anonymity washing facilities and food. The story follows his journey south from Scotland on his annual pilgrimage to a temporary Christmas shelter in London where he finds comfort friendship and warmth. Over the course of his Homeric journey Hector decides to reconnect with his long estranged past. As his previous life catches up with him the story of how he came to be leading a marginal life begins to emerge.
345489 Liza is a young Dutch woman who travels to Venice to meet her Italian father Mauro. Mauro has not seen Liza since she was three years old when he and Liza’s mother decided to split up. Mauro has traveled the world since as a musician. When Liza is in Venice it turns out there is more in store than just a couple of days in Venice. He takes Liza on a musical voyage along the route of the Orient Express. A trip that will eventually take them to Istanbul.
345624 what is everything and what is nothing? Professor Jim Al-Khalili explores the true size and shape of the universe and delves into the amazing science behind apparent nothingness. EVERYTHING: what the universe might actually look like and the remarkable stories of the men and women who discovered the truth about the cosmos. NOTHING: science at the very limits of human perception where we now understand the deepest mysteries of the universe lie.  The quantum world of the super-small shaped the vast universe we inhabit today and Jim Al-Khalili can prove it.
345938 After suffering a family tragedy Mack Phillips spirals into a deep depression causing him to question his innermost beliefs. Facing a crisis of faith he receives a mysterious letter urging him to an abandoned shack deep in the Oregon wilderness. Despite his doubts Mack journeys to the shack and encounters an enigmatic trio of strangers led by a woman named Papa. Through this meeting Mack finds important truths that will transform his understanding of his tragedy and change his life forever.
345944 I am Chris Farley tells his hilarious touching and wildly entertaining story - from his early days in Madison Wisconsin to his time at Second City and Saturday Night Live then finally his film career (which included hits like Tommy Boy and Black Sheep). The film showcases his most memorable characters and skits from film and television and also includes interviews and insights from his co-stars family and friends - including the likes of Christina Applegate Dan Aykroyd Mike Myers Bob Odenkirk Bob Saget and Adam Sandler.
346104 This feature-doc tells the epic story of the Faberge name from Imperial Russia until the present-day spanning one hundred and fifty years of turbulent history romance artistic development and commercial exploitation. From the bejewel led Easter eggs of the Romanov Tsarinas to the 1970s allure of 'Brut by Faberge' aftershave and from the Russian revolution to today's high-fashion glitz in New York and London the film explores a multi-faceted world that began with one man: the prodigiously talented Peter Carl Faberge Court Jeweler of St Petersburg. Shot at locations across Russia Europe and USA (including the collection of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II) the film features interview contributions from the world's foremost Faberge authorities as well as personal reminiscences from Faberge family members.
346145 Ritchie is a Glaswegian chancer with low hopes and no prospects. Disillusioned with city life he goes undercover at a Highland conservation centre to make his fortune as an illegal pearl fisher with the help of his two hapless and accident prone mates Danny and Fraser. Here he meets Beth a pretty English conservationist passionate about saving endangered mussels from the clutches of pearl thieves in the Scottish Highlands. Falling for her instantly Ritchie must beat off competition in the form of Highland Ranger Ethan a smooth talking American Adonis convinced that Beth can't resist his charms forever. After the success of pearl fishing attracts the unwanted attentions of old school Glaswegian mobster Gavin and his work at the centre leads him to question his true motivations Ritchie must risk life and limb to save the Highlands from ecological disaster and win Beth's heart...
346384 RICHARD 15 with learning difficulties longs to put down roots but his restless and destructive brother POLLY needs to keep moving. When the land they live on is bought by a new landowner and the electricity supply to their caravan is cut their already precarious living conditions get even worse. Then a chance meeting with the new landowner's daughter 17 year old ANNABEL (Yasmin Paige) leaves RICHARD besotted; whilst POLLY befriends the guys who run a seedy traveling fair. Richards optimistic view on life becomes increasingly difficult to maintain as Polly's abusive behavior worsens family secrets are revealed and he is torn between loyalty to his brother and his first true friend in ANNABEL. For better or worse Richards life is about to change forever.
346401 Daft Punk Unchained is the first film about the pop culture phenomenon that is Daft Punk the duo with 12 million albums sold worldwide and seven Grammy Awards. Throughout their career Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo have always resisted compromise and the established codes of show business. They have remained determined to maintain control of every link in the chain of their creative process. In the era of globalisation and social networks they rarely speak in public and neither do they show their faces on TV.  This documentary explores this unprecedented cultural revolution revealing a duo of artists on a permanent quest for creativity independence and freedom.
346494 It's not easy being a teenager and Mike a sixteen-year-old has it espcially hard. He lives in the sticks with his mother a non-stop nagger in Faintville a Canadian timber industry town. He has no father no friends not even a favorite meal. Basically his sole wish is simply to vanish from the face of the earth. One day Mike writes his own obituary and shoots himself. To his great disappointment he wakes up the in the local hospital. During a routine examination the doctors discover a plum-sized tumor in his brain. Mike can scarcely believe his luck and keeps the illness to himself to avoid undergoing surgery that would save him. Staring death directly in the eyes however changes Mike's point of view and he re-evaluates his opinion of both enchanting and crazy Miranda. Somebody seems to understand him after all.
"346541 Recorded on November 7th 2012 at the Regency Ballroom in San Francisco this new ASIA live CD / DVD and Blu Ray captures once again the band in the original line-up in front of an ecstatic audience during one of the shows that ASIA performed in support of the ""XXX"" album and which was broadcasted by AXS TV in the USA. With HD recording this new live album is truly a rewarding experience for all ASIA fans. After the recent DVD releases this is Asia performing one of the very last shows featuring the original line up with: Geoff Downes Steve Howe Carl Palmer and John Wetton live on the road in-your face and for your viewing pleasure. The reunion came to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the band but morphed itself into an ongoing endeavour."
346735 Somewhere hidden amongst thorny brambles is a little kingdom of elves and fairies. Everyone who lives here is very very small. The Little Kingdom is home to Princess Holly and her best friend Ben Elf. Holly is a young fairy who is still learning how to do magic properly. Ben is an elf and elves don't do magic but they are very good at making things. Along with their friends Ben and Holly have lots of magical fun and exciting adventures playing together in the Little Kingdom.  Episodes included are:  1) Holly's Magic Wand;  2) Gaston The Ladybird;  3) The Royal Fairy Picnic;  4) The Elf Farm;  5) Daisy and Poppy;  6) The Lost Egg;  7) Queen Thistle's Teapot;  8) The Frog Prince;  9) King Thistle Is Not Well; and  10) Fun and Games.
347036 This documentary follows for over a year the story of Aleida Gallangos a 32-year-old Mexican woman who got to know her true identity only four years before. Her parents were disappeared in 1975 during the so called Dirty War in Mexico. She and her older brother were adopted by different families and lost track of each other during almost 30 years. Since she found out about her past Aleida has dedicated her time to recon- struct her family history and to look for her brother. The documentary shows in an intimate way an approach to the process of the quest for her brother as well as of the unfolding of their relationship after their unexpected encounter in Washington D.C. The documentary gives a face and a voice to one of the numerous cases of people who disappeared in Mexico during the seventies.
347074 Festival of the Spoken Nerd are the science comedy phenomenon that will feed your brain tickle your ribs and light your Bunsen burner. Full Frontal Nerdity guaranteed!  Stand-up mathematician Matt Parker (Discovery Channel You Have Been Warned) experiments maestro Steve Mould (ITV1 I Never Knew That About Britain) and geek songstress Helen Arney (BBC2 Coast) mix astonishing science with statistically significant comedy plus experiments that electrify their audiences – sometimes literally.  Since their last smash hit tour show Full Frontal Nerdity the Nerds have filmed their first DVD (available now) and racked up over a million views on YouTube for their experiments songs and stand-up. As well as sell-out shows all over the UK the Nerds have performed at Shakespeare’s Globe Hammersmith Apollo with Robin Ince and Brian Cox The British Library TED Udderbelly and Latitude Festival.
"347102 Whether he's playing a Scout Master seducing ""Canteen Boy"" a French teacher annoying his students a Tough Guy or just talking about his famous ""Schwetty Balls"" Alec Baldwin is undoubtedly one of the funniest SNL hosts of all time. He's become a regular playing in sketches throughout the years with some of the SNL greats including Phil Hartman Chris Farley Mike Meyers Adam Sandler and Will Ferrell. You're sure to enjoy some of Alec's hilarious celebrity impressions such as Tony Bennett and Charles Nelson Reilly. And if you've ever wondered what it's like to actually host SNL you'll want to check out the DVD extras and bonus features such as the audio commentary from Alec Baldwin himself as he comments on various sketches as well as never-before-seen footage from dress rehearsals that never made it to television!"
347402 Deluxe edition digipak includes Concert in Paris at La Goutte d'or on June 30th 2005 4 duets with Manu Chao live duets from their concert at La Cigale (February 2005) all of their videos including their new single 'Beaux Dimanches' + making of four short TV films plus exclusive documentary on the recording of their album in Mali. The DVD comes with an exclusive 50 minute bonus CD + booklet. The CD features an extract frm their concert in Paris.
"347423 An American scientist who was convicted of killing and cannibalizing two colleagues in the jungles of Flores Indonesia in 1977.  Branded ""The American Cannibal"" by the press during his trial Dr. Timothy Darrow defended himself by claiming a mythic human-ape creature was responsible for the murders.  The news outlet documented an indigenous tribe on Flores the very same island where the hobbit remains were discovered which had its own accounts of little wild men that stood just over three feet tall climbed trees walked on two feet and thrived on cannibalism. And according to the local legend those creatures may never have died out at all.  Follow an expedition team deep into the heart of Flores Island to investigate Dr. Timothy Darrow's claims and find out once and for all if hobbits still exist in the deepest most remote realms of the Indonesian jungle."
347541 This feature doc profiles acclaimed writer Alistair MacLeod. Hailed internationally as a master of the short story MacLeod also wrote a novel No Great Mischief which was celebrated around the world. Depicting men and women living out their lives against the haunting landscape that surrounds them most of MacLeod's work is firmly based in Cape Breton even if his characters stray elsewhere. Focusing on the complexities and abiding mysteries at the heart of human relationships MacLeod maps the close bonds and impassable chasms that lie between people and invokes memory and myth to celebrate the continuity of the generations. This film portrait explores the life and work of this giant of literature.
347755 A group of friends and family descend into the Everglades swamplands for their annual hunting trip only to discover that they are the ones being hunted. A malevolent entity is tracking them and they begin to realise one of their party may be possessed by something brought home from a tour of duty in the Middle East – a demon of war so horrible and deadly they are unaware of its devilish presence. Or are they facing something even more unspeakable a legendary Native American curse about to unleash its dreadful legacy of thirsting for colonial revenge by claiming more souls?
"347954 Saul Sanchez returns home to the rough Los Angeles neighborhood of Highland Park also known as The Avenues after serving a decade-long prison sentence. Once back Saul seeks a reunion with his estranged young daughter. Guided by a sympathetic parole officer who discovers his hidden illiteracy Saul begins writing a letter to his daughter and begins a journey of self-discovery amid pressure from his gangland Avenidas familia. As Saul separates himself from old friends he mentors a troubled teenage neighbor following an all-too-familiar gang path. Based on a true story ""Avenues"" tells a deeply personal story of fatherhood and the isolation felt by former convicts."
347973 Meet Peltzer Arbuckle a bullied office employee humiliated by his megalomaniac boss teasing colleagues and cheating partner.  Stuck in his mundane nightmarish reality once news about an embarrassing sexual accident circulates the workplace Peltzer decides to put up with his misery no more and conjures up his childhood imaginary friend Ronnie who manipulates him to exact gruesome revenge on his tormenting co-workers.  As the body count rises Peltzer must either run away from his past or take control of his future battling between sanity and madness in a twisted tale of infidelity revenge and snapped banjo strings.
348529 Who the Fuck is That Guy'? The Fabulous Journey of Michael Alago tells the astonishing story of a gay Puerto Rican kid growing up in a Hasidic Brooklyn neighborhood who got on the subway one day and began a musical odyssey that helped shape the musical landscape across N.Y.C. and around the world. Directed by Drew Stone and produced by Michael Alex the film tells the incredible story of a cherished New York City icon. From rubbing elbows with N. Y. scene makers as an teenager at Max's Kansas City and CBGB to being the architect of a rock 'n' roll renaissance as the 19 year-old talent booker at the legendary Ritz to making history as a 24 year-old A&R exec signing the biggest metal band in a generation in Metallica Michael Alago was on fire.
348630 Jennifer Shannon has made a career of finding rare garage sale treasures to resell at the consignment store she owns with her business partner Dani. When she finds a wedding dress that was worn on the day a groom went missing Jennifer uses her knack for solving puzzles to investigate this unsolved cold case. After meeting the dress’s original owner Helen and finding traces of blood on the dress Jennifer digs deeper into the decades-old mystery with the help of Detective Lynwood and the support of her husband Jason. With every clue that Jennifer uncovers she gets closer to either finding the long-missing groom or uncovering a wedding day murder.
348929 Joe just told his boyfriend George that he is a serial killer. George thinks that his boyfriend Joe is hilarious... and he just saw Patricia Arquette at Target!!! In the horror/comedy hybrid 'You're Killing Me' we take a look at the life and death consequences of dating in the age of incessant chatter. Joe and George meet just as Joe is coming out to himself as someone who loves to kill. George on the other hand can't decide which wig to wear for his next YouTube video. As George's friends start disappearing one by one he must face the undeniable fact that Gretchen might not be coming back with crushed ice for his party #YouDontNeedIceForChardonnay.
"349054 Tom ""Putuparri"" Lawford is a man caught between two worlds: his past and present in modern society where he battles with alcoholism and domestic violence; and his future as a leader of his people reconnecting with his ancestral lands learning about his traditional culture and shouldering his responsibility to pass this knowledge on to the next generation.  Director Nicole Ma spent more than a decade documenting Putuparri's journey travelling with him and his family on numerous occasions to Kurtal in the Kimberley's Great Sandy Desert region – traditionally a site of great significance as a place where people ritually make rain – as they fight for their native title claim over the area.  Set against the backdrop of this long fight for ownership of traditional lands the MIFF Premiere Fund-supported Putuparri and the Rainmakers is an emotional visually breathtaking story of love hope and the survival of Aboriginal law and culture against all odds."
349149 Cyberspace is the new school playground when it comes to bullying. Children and teens of all ages use social networking sites to blast their peers reveal dirty secrets and taunt those around them often destroying lives in the process. This is a story of two close young friends who have a falling out and internet bullying ensues evolving into physical violence. Questions arise about what is the real truth and who actually are the victims. As it turns out no one is as innocent as they appear. Can you handle the real answers?
350083 In 1993 Alabama based amateur filmmaker Warren Werner shot his first feature film Pumpkin on VHS. With a budget of only $600 a cast of friends family and unknown talent the movie premiered at the local civic center and generated an immediate backlash from the community. Rumors that Warren and his girlfriend Samantha Dixon engaged in Satanic rituals began to spread throughout town. In the months following the premiere Warren and Samantha committed suicide. The following year another group of filmmakers began shooting a documentary about the deaths of Warren and Samantha. The documentary project was never completed and Pumpkin was never released. The Nobodies is Warren Werner's Pumpkin in it's entirety cut together with the remaining documentary footage of the director's life and death.
350175 COMIX is a feature documentary on comic books the comic book world and the phenomenon surrounding them. It is told through the thoughts and images of some of the greatest talent in the comic book industry like Stan Lee Frank Miller Neal Adams Mark Waid Marc Silvestri and John Romita Jr. among many others. COMIX also has tons of interviews with the fans many in full costumes as they share their love for the art form and who have made comics the phenomenon that it is today.
350608 The band Morphine blazed like a comet across the global music scene in the 1990s with its innovative “Low Rock” sound. Fronted by two-string bassist/vocalist/songwriter Mark Sandman the trio rose from local Boston clubs to indie and major label record deals international touring and wide critical acclaim until their tragic and untimely demise in 1999. In “Morphine: Journey of Dreams” the group’s surviving members and associates tell their story intercut with passages from saxophonist Dana Colley’s vivid tour journals. Rare live performances from throughout their career woven into the story display why their unique and mesmeric sound continues to resonate with music lovers today. This artfully- delivered documentary doesn’t just get behind but rather inside the music and the soul of the group to honor Morphine’s notable artistic achievements and the creative bond the musicians shared. (LVFF)
"351015 Director and Writer Eric Dow (""Honor in the Valley of Tears"") brings us his second documentary as he goes behind the scenes of the fan fiction short film ""Batman: Dead End."" In the winter of 2003 commercial director Sandy Collora and some of his friends set out to make a low-budget short film for his demo reel. What they wound up actually doing was making one of the most elaborate most watched most talked about and most controversial short films ever made: Batman Dead End. Considering the amount of press and admiration Batman: Dead End garnered"
"351185 On October 3rd 1993 120 Delta Force Commandos and Army Rangers were dropped into the heart of Mogadishu Somalia. Their mission was a fast daylight raid to kidnap lead terrorist Mohammed Farrah Aidid who had been killing U.N. workers delivering food to starving Somalis. Aidid’s goal was to control the country by controlling all the food.  The mission abruptly changed to a rescue operation. Surrounded by Somali militia a fierce firefight ensued that left American troops trapped and fighting for their lives. The ordeal left 18 American men dead 70 wounded with 3000 Somalis casualties.  This brilliant documentary tells the true story of ""Black Hawk Down"" through the memories and voices of the American Special Forces survivors. Also included are Somali militiamen as they recount their harrowing experiences of battle."
351245 An eye-opening look at budgetary disclosure practices of local US government agencies. Typically referred to as the 'budget' or 'budget report' a one-year presentation document; the discussion is framed to avoid any reference to the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report the CAFR the same local Government's Statement of Net Worth that shows the wealth that has built up over decades. This is the biggest shell game played in government finance. Selectively created budget reports are presented to the population and the CAFR is never mentioned hiding the true wealth held by local cities counties states universities and enterprise operations. To view the documentary go to:  https://www.bitchute.com/video/Ft6P1MXnPQds/
351281 The explosive follow-up to We Still Kill The Old Way (2014). Regarded as the best in the business The Archer Gang is an aging criminal outfit who carry out a daring robbery but are caught mid-heist.  They are sentenced to do time in Britain's toughest prison.  Once inside they encounter their old nemesis Slick Vic Farrow (Billy Murray) who is intent on murdering the gang.  The old-school criminals need to use all their wits to stage a daring escape while dodging Slick Vic and setting in motion a chain of events which leads to an explosive prison riot.
351410 What the Jatt is a nerve tickling adventurous comedy film about a young aspiring actor Raj and his best friend Fateh who hail from a village in Punjab. During their efforts to achieve their dreams they find themselves in hilarious situations that lead to a chain of unexpected events. One mishap after another leads them to posing as detectives to film makers to what not creating mayhem of confusion and laugh riots. But like true Jatts they overcome all challenges and emerge as winners!
351897 The first ever comedy special filmed at and in partnership with South By Southwest (SXSW).  Kamau Bell (CNN'sUnited Shades of America) hosts the show. Featuring sets from Beth Stelling (Jimmy Kimmel Live @midnight) Nate Bargatze (Maron @midnight) Iliza Shlesinger (The Tonight Show Last Comic Standing) Mark Normand (Inside Amy Schumer Trainwreck) and Matt Braunger (Maron Garfunkel &amp; Oates) the two-part special also includes comics Todd Glass and Beth Stelling exploring the streets of Austin and bumping into the likes of Jeff Ross Ron Funches and a number of festival-goers.
351906 On April 28 2015 Paul McCartney returned to the Budokan for a special performance as part of his “Out There Japan” tour. The tour marked almost a half a century since the Beatles performed for the first time at the Budokan in 1966.  Tracklisting:  [01]. Can’t Buy Me Love  [02]. Save Us  [03]. All My Loving  [04]. One After 909  [05]. Let Me Roll It  [06]. Paperback Writer  [07]. My Valentine  [08]. Nineteen Hundred and Eighty-Five  [09]. Maybe I’m Amazed  [10]. I’ve Just Seen a Face  [11]. Another Day  [12]. Dance Tonight  [13]. We Can Work It Out  [14]. And I Love Her  [15]. Blackbird  [16]. New  [17]. Lady Madonna  [18]. Another Girl  [19]. Got to Get You into My Life  [20]. Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!  [21]. Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da  [22]. Back in the U.S.S.R.  [23]. Let It Be  [24]. Live and Let Die  [25]. Hey Jude  Encore:  [26]. Yesterday  [27]. Birthday  [28]. Golden Slumbers  [29]. Carry That Weight  [30]. The End
352355 After a tragic act of violence cuts short her music career Kate Stone is returning to a city full of ex-fans and ex-friends. Taking shelter with her last friend a struggling artist named Robyn Huck the two women work to restore the aging courtyard apartment building Robyn has inherited. But a terrible secret infests the venerable structure and soon Kate will be haunted by horrific dreams sinister apparitions and the sounds of something moving in the walls. She will be dragged into a confrontation not only with her own dark past but the unspeakable nightmare that lurks beyond the walls!
352359 In 1827 Joseph Smith Jr. was only 21 years old when he received a prophetic calling to translate ancient scriptures that would soon be published as The Book of Mormon. Less than three years later he founded The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints that today has 14 million followers and is the 4th largest religious denomination in the United States. Plates of Gold follows Joseph's early adult years and portrays the events that lead up to the publishing of The Book of Mormon and the founding of a new worldwide church. The film also details Joseph's personal life and his desire to find forgiveness acceptance and salvation from God. Directed by Christian Vuissa (The Errand of Angels One Good Man).
352490 Set against the backdrop of a beautiful garden in the heart of London this contemporary fairy tale revolves around the unlikely friendship between a reclusive young woman and a cantankerous old widower. Bella Brown is a beautifully quirky young woman who dreams of writing and illustrating a successful children’s book. After she is forced by her landlord to deal with her neglected garden or face eviction she meets her match nemesis and unlikely mentor in Alfie Stephenson a grumpy loveless old man who lives next door who happens to be an amazing horticulturalist.
352748 For the 2014/15 Opening Night Concert and Gala the Los Angeles Philharmonic paid loving tribute to composer John Williams long a champion and close friend of the LA Phil. Gustavo Dudamel an awestruck fan of the musical icon led the orchestra in a crosssection of Maestro Williams' matchless canon. Featuring Itzhak Perlman with a very special musical performance of pieces from Schindler's List as well as the Cadenza and variations from Fiddler on the Roof. Jazz elements will fill the air during Escapades from Catch Me if You Can and may the force be with you during the iconic tunes from Star Wars.
352858 Set List  1)Yes  2)Ifwhiteamericatoldthetruthforonedayit'sworldwouldfallapart  3)Of Walking Abortion  4)She Is Suffering  5)Archives of Pain  6)Revol  7)4st 7lb 8)Mausoleum  9)Faster  10)This Is Yesterday  11)Die in the Summertime  12)The Intense Humming of Evil  13)P.C.P.  Greatest Hits & Rarities  14)The Everlasting  (semi-acoustic with string quartet)  15)Motorcycle Emptiness  16)Walk Me to the Bridge  17)Condemned to Rock 'n' Roll  18)If You Tolerate This Your Children Will Be Next  19)Sex Power Love and Money  20)Your Love Alone Is Not Enough  21)Removables  22)You Stole the Sun From My Heart  23)Golden Platitudes  24)You Love Us  (Welsh National Anthem Intro)  25)A Design for Life  (Fireworks instruments destroyed)
352890 A heartwarming and crowd-pleasing coming-of-age comedy with a unique spin Morris from America centers on Morris Gentry a 13-year-old who has just relocated with his single father Curtis to Heidelberg Germany. Morris who fancies himself the next Notorious B.I.G. is a complete fish-out-of-water—a budding hip-hop star in an EDM world. To complicate matters further Morris quickly falls hard for his cool rebellious 15-year-old classmate Katrin. Morris sets out against all odds to take the hip-hop world by storm and win the girl of his dreams.
353105 In 2000 a California State Prison inmate serving Life Without Parole (LWOP) approached the warden to request a dedicated yard for men serving life sentences that would break the code of violence dominating prison life. The California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation (CDCR) subsequently transformed Yard A at California State Prison into The Progressive Programming Facility which inmates call The Honor Yard. The only one of its kind in the United States this experimental prison yard is free of violence racial tensions gang activity and illegal drug and alcohol use.
353125 THE SEARCH FOR FREEDOM is the story of a cultural revolution fueled by the human desire to live in the moment and do what makes you feel the most alive. We discover how an electrifying new world came about through pure energy and imagination and the infinite possibilities of self-expression available to anyone willing to drop in. This documentary written and directed by Jon Long (IMAX® Extreme) is a visceral visual experience told through the eyes some of the brightest pioneers legends visionaries and champions of surfing snowboarding skiing skateboarding mountain biking and more.
"353186 ""In the Line of Fire...Larger Than Live"" is the debut video release from metal maestro's DragonForce. Shot during the band's Ultimate Stage headline show at 2014's Loud Park Festival in the Saitama Super Arena Tokyo the band used over 10 camera angles to capture the raw energy of their show and instrumental dexterity for which they are rightly celebrated worldwide. The track listing features a mixture of new songs combined with the bands' classic foot stomping anthems and lightning fast shred-fests. ""In the Line of Fire...Larger Than Live"" also features special insight into the DragonForce ""Maximum Overload World Tour"" with off tour behind the scenes and backstage footage."
353385 France is considered the culinary capital of the world. In this series The Flavors of France the stars of French cuisine teach you how to prepare their signature dishes and regional specialties. It represents the greatest collection of top-rated Michelin chefs ever assembled in a DVD series.  In Volume 2 we journey to Burgundy--after Paris the other great gastronomic center of France--and explore the varied cuisine of Auxerre Dijon and Lyon. From Burgundy we travel south to the rich Mediterranean coast of France as we learn to prepare the cuisine of Beaujolais Corsica and mountainous Savoy.  Each DVD contains instructions for preparing over twenty classic French dishes and desserts as well as a printable recipe book. Bon appétit!
353598 • 01 Hi-De-Ho (That Old Sweet Roll)  • 02 So Far Away  • 03 I Feel The Earth Move  • 04 You’ve Got A Friend  • 05 It’s Too Late  • 06 Love Makes The World/ Where Is The Love?  • 07 Beautiful  • 08 Way Over Yonder  • 09 Where You Lead  • 10 Crying In The Rain  • 11 (You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman  • 12 Been To Canaan  • 13 I’m Into Something Good  • 14 It Might As Well Rain Until September  • 15 One Fine Day  • 16 Up On The Roof  • 17 Home Again  • 18 Sweet Seasons  • 19 Hey Girl  • 20 Will You Love Me Tomorrow  • 21 Jazzman
354408 Gregg Allman is one of the most acclaimed beloved and awarded icons in rock and roll history. As a founding member of the legendary Allman Brothers Band and in his own storied solo career Allman has long been a gifted natural interpreter of the blues; his soulful and distinctive voice is one of the defining sounds in the history of American music. Although the Allman Brothers wrapped up their forty-five year career in 2014 Gregg Allman shows no signs of slowing down. 'Gregg Allman Live: Back to Macon GA' marks his first-ever official solo video release where with the help of his 8-piece band and special guest Devon Allman he delivers ferociously high-energy and emotive performances. Captured at the venerable Grand Opera House in the town where the Allmans got their start Gregg performs 16 fan favorites including 'Whipping Post' 'Melissa' and 'Midnight Rider.'
354421 A loner from an early age Thomas Quick went on to become Sweden's most notorious serial killer openly confessing to the gruesome murders of more than 30 people. Held for decades in a psychiatric institute Quick's confessions emerged after years working with a group of touchy feely therapists convinced that the recovery of memories would cure patients of their criminality. In a country with a low crime rate the nation watched with horror as Quick's confessions mounted accounting for many of the country's unsolved murders. With testimonials from a range of people whose lives have been dominated by this story - including Quick himself - and dramatic reenactment Brian Hill weaves a stylish noir thriller that works a treat on the big screen. What appears at first to be a tale of unimaginable evil evolves into something much more layered as Hill digs deep into the motivations behind those working closely with Quick.
354546 After a traumatic divorce Ricardo Adler sets out to discover how to achieve a fulfilling and lasting marriage. His search takes him to Rabbi Manis Friedman who introduces him to Kabbalah's ancient secrets to attain the highest form of intimacy. The film portrays the dramatic transformation of Ricardo's new marriage and the reactions of other couples to this revolutionary way to sexual connection. THE LOST KEY reveals forgotten wisdom that could inspire society to rediscover intimacy one bedroom at a time.
354660 Using masterfully restored footage from recently declassified images The Bomb tells a powerful story of the most destructive invention in human history. From the earliest testing stages to its use as the ultimate chess piece in global politics the program outlines how America developed the bomb how it changed the world and how it continues to loom large in our lives. The show also includes interviews with prominent historians and government insiders along with men and women who helped build the weapon piece by piece.
354766 The story of the water fluoridation controversy which has arisen from moral ethical political and safety concerns regarding the fluoridation of public water supplies. The controversy occurs mainly in English-speaking countries as Continental Europe does not practice water fluoridation. Instead fluoride is added to most table salt in Europe. Those opposed argue that water fluoridation imposes ethical issues may cause serious health problems is not effective enough to justify the costs and has a dosage that cannot be precisely controlled.
354980 Young at heart graduate student Becca strikes up an unlikely friendship with Emily a quiet girl who recently lost her mother. With every passing play date chaperoned by Emily's father Becca helps Emily come out of her shell and cope with her loss and Emily teaches Becca to take on adult responsibilities. When a romance develops between Becca and Nate though the two must learn to balance their new relationship with Nate's responsibility to Emily and with Becca's responsibility to finish her education.
"355253 These crazy Mnozil boys write:  ""There ain't no better gift!!!! You see it's a great gift coming in a small size and it is absolutely making sense! because it clearly reveals the spirit of the person giving it at the same time equally clearly indicating the good taste of the person receiving it. It truly is a charming and witty present with a soft-footed appearance like a young adolescent deer.  and it contains music you can even hear and see!""  "" In their show Magic Moments Mnozil Brass the seven masters of perceptive brass and song will again move and enchant their audience.  Throughout finely chiseled arrangements and charming original compositions the splendid tone colours and timbres of their priceless brass instruments are fully shown to advantage""."
355567 Just decades ago flophouses in New York housed nearly 25000 men living on the margins of society. Today few remain. Filmmaker Michael Dominic takes his camera behind the doors of the Sunshine Hotel one of the few remaining affordable refuges for the destitute and out of luck a world that has seemingly stood still for more than eight decades. Here the hotel residents live in tiny four-by-six-foot cubicles crowned by a ceiling of chicken wire. Focusing on several of the Sunshine’s denizens – including a transgender woman saving all her money for additional surgeries and a hotel manager who doubles as its resident philosopher – Dominic presents a non-judgmental snapshot of a diverse group of characters as memorable as the characters at Harry Hope’s bar in Eugene O’Neill’s “The Iceman Cometh.”
355579 Small-town crook Cody (Mike Dwyer Sandbar) was at the end of his rope when a mysterious stranger offered him the chance of his life. There was just one catch - in this game he would have to wager everything including his life. Cody finds himself trapped amongst a band of outsiders and misfits - all fighting for their lives and a slice of the American dream. Fueled by a horde of masked sadists Cody and the others will win a fortune or die a brutal death.
355712 Children of GIANT is a documentary film that unearths deeply wrought emotions in the small West Texas town of Marfa before during and after the month-long production of George Stevens' 1956 feature film Giant. Based on the controversial Edna Ferber novel of the same name the film Giant did not shy from strong social-issue themes experienced throughout post-WWII America. George Stevens its producer and director purposely gravitated to the drought-ridden community of Marfa for most all of the exterior scenes.
355925 What would drive someone to drop everything and move into a city park in lower Manhattan? In the fall of 2011 hundreds of people did just that as a public protest against corporate greed and with the hope of creating an alternative society. Occupy Wall Street started as an under attended protest that quickly caught fire and capturing international headlines the imaginations and hearts of people across the globe. Almost overnight the movement transformed the national dialog about economic inequality and corporate corruption. The slogan 'We are the 99 percent' instantly became part of the national lexicon. This documentary is an intimate portrait of several key players who helped create the movement and their wild ride through the rise and fall of Occupy Wall Street.
356057 Anna a young slave girl is rescued and adopted by Christians in 2ND Century Smyrna and befriended by their aged bishop Polycarp. As Anna is taught by Polycarp and her new family she struggles to reconcile her beliefs with those of the Christians. When the Roman proconsul demands that all citizens worship Caesar to show their allegiance to Rome Polycarp and the Christians must find courage to stand for their faith against the growing threat of persecution. Anna is forced to come to grips with the truth and choose whom she is willing to live and die for.
356307 When teenaged Fern is orphaned in the middle of a harsh Montreal winter she is determined to avoid her mother’s tragic fate and take care of herself. With Youth Protection nipping at her heels she lies about her name and age to get a job as a janitor another as a cook. Juggling life and work and the discovery of the book ‘50 Ways to become a Millionaire: All you need to do is save’ Fern decides to do just that replacing her grief with the quest to become a millionaire. Written directed and edited by award-winning filmmaker Wiebke von Carolsfeld (Marion Bridge Stay) The Saver stars the newly discovered Imajyn Cardinal and is based on the young adult novel by Edeet Ravel.
356324 The life and work of Robert Frank—as a photographer and a filmmaker—are so intertwined that they're one in the same and the vast amount of territory he's covered from The Americans in 1958 up to the present is intimately registered in his now-formidable body of artistic gestures. From the early '90s on Frank has been making his films and videos with the brilliant editor Laura Israel who has helped him to keep things homemade and preserve the illuminating spark of first contact between camera and people/places. Don't Blink is Israel's like-minded portrait of her friend and collaborator a lively rummage sale of images and sounds and recollected passages and unfathomable losses and friendships that leaves us a fast and fleeting imprint of the life of the Swiss-born man who reinvented himself the American way and is still standing on ground of his own making at the age of 90.
356846 This 90-minute factual drama goes behind the scenes of the hit video game Grand Theft Auto arguably the greatest British coding success since Bletchley Park.  The fastest-selling entertainment product in history comes not from Silicon Valley but is driven by a bunch of British game designers. Friends since their school days they are led by the game's mastermind-designer Sam Houser. By 2002 Sam and his creative team have constructed for their fans a vast virtual world teeming with a high-octane mix of criminal characters lethal weapons and outrageous storylines. Here you can even shape and sculpt your avatar crafting their character and appearance to your personal preference.  This drama is for an adult audience and has not been authorised by the producers of Grand Theft Auto. Rather it is based on court documents and interviews with many of those involved in the real events behind this compelling story.
356896 We know that the angels were created prior to the earth. We find Satan had already fallen in Genesis 3. The mystery is when did he fall? It appears that there are substantial scriptural references to his rebellion his agenda and the subsequent catastrophic judgment that ensued.  This raises the whole issue of the origin of evil. And why hasn’t God simply wiped him – and sin – out completely? It is also disturbing to recognize that Satan tempted Jesus by offering him the “kingdom power and the glory” in the temptations recorded in Luke 5. How could Satan lay a legitimate claim to these?
356917 Somer Son tells the story of a thirty something couple that decided to break away on a last gasp holiday to Mozambique in an attempt to get their marital spark back. Pieter and Sonja (played by Reynard Slabbert and Juanita De Villiers) still love each other but question their relationship. Sonja feels the fact that they can’t fall pregnant is a sign that the relationship is in serious trouble. Pieter had a vasectomy because he chose to focus on his career as a successful lawyer but keeps this dark secret from Sonja. A dream holiday in paradise might be the answer… but an accident along the way sends them on an unexpected adventure.
"357115 Character-driven story about an elderly man coming to terms with his age and the nearing of death; a middle-aged woman attempting to enter into a father-daughter relationship with her dad whom she has never known closely; and a young teenager dealing with parental divorce. Ethel and Norman Thayer are an old couple living ""On Golden Pond"". Their daughter Chelsea is 42 years old and has never been married. She is dating a 45 year old dentist and brings him up to Golden Pond to meet her parents. Her boyfriend Bill has a 14 year old son named Billy who comes along. Young Billy has been virtually raised by his mother who is newly divorced from his father. The troubled child is left with the elderly Thayers for some time as his father and Chelsea take off for a tour of Europe."
357255 Photographer Lise le Roux lives with her father on a wine farm near Stellenbosch. Her mother passed away some time ago leaving a secret French toast family recipe behind as a symbol of her legacy. One day Lise stumbles upon her mother s old diary and to her astonishment finds out that she has a sibling somewhere in France. Despite the fact that Theo her father's right-hand winemaker is about to propose Lise travels to Paris to find the truth.  She meets a French chef Jean-Pierre Baptiste who's in need of a photographer for his new cookbook. Lise accepts the assignment provided that he returns the favour by helping her track her long lost sibling. As they explore the city Jean-Pierre s expressive personality slowly unravels Lise s reserved disposition. Her life starts transforming into a palette of new tastes textures colours and emotions.  Will Lise eventually find the truth that she hoped would set her free?
"357439 Boys On Film presents the tenth volume in the world's most successful short film series. All boundaries will be broken as Boys On Film X promises to take it further than ever before showcasing eight of the most sexy unique and brilliant new short films including: Jacob Brown's ""Blinders"" starring Nathaniel Brown Byrdie Bell and Luke Worrall; Fabio Youniss's ""A Stable For Disabled Horses"" starring Daniel Swan and Daniel Simonsen; Antony Hickling and Amaury Grisel's ""Little Gay Boy ChrisT Is Dead"" starring Gaėtan Vettier; Till Kleinert's ""Boys Village"" starring Benjamin Thorne and Andrew McQueen; Lukas Dhont's ""Headlong"" starring Jelle Florizoone and Thomas Coumans; Evan Roberts's ""Yeah Kowalski!"" starring Cameron Wofford and Conor Donnelly; William Feroldi's ""Inflatable Swamp"" starring Francis Beraud and Paul Huntley-Thomas; and Dominic Haxton's ""Teens Like Phil"" starring Adam Donovan and Jake Robbins."
357516 Heal Yourself Heal the World is a new review of the Gerson Therapy and for this retelling of the story we created an attention-grabbing script and intertwined the best parts from the other films with new interviews updated scientific information modern graphics and even media from Dr. Gerson's time.  Join Howard Straus (author scientist son of Charlotte Gerson and grandson of Dr. Max Gerson) for an in-depth examination of the Gerson Therapy” how it works the science behind it and why it works.  Heal Yourself Heal the World includes:  Historical information on Dr. Max Gerson never before presented on film  In-depth explanations from scientists researchers and nutritional experts on the science behind the Gerson Therapy and why it works  Reports from doctors who use the Gerson Therapy to heal their patients  Personal stories from Gerson patients who healed themselves of cancer and other diseases using the Gerson Therapy
357533 Four exceptional astronomers celebrate 50 years of work and friendship on a return road trip in the southwestern United States recapturing youthful adventures and recounting each other's influences on the most exciting period in astronomy’s history. Roger the instrument-maker Donald the theoretician Nick the visionary and Wal the observer. Together they represent the most productive period astronomy has ever had. They helped build the world’s biggest observatories and made revolutionary discoveries about the evolving universe discoveries that have the power to change the way humanity sees itself. Alison Rose’s film is a funny insightful humbling and intimate portrait of friendship as the men reflect on how their profound work on the universe has reflected back on the individual affecting their sense of religious faith how life may have purpose and what is knowable and unknowable.
357561 Bestselling author and lecturer Wayne W. Dyer has created this film based on his thought-provoking book for those of us who have chosen to consciously be on our life path.  The ten “secrets” for success and inner peace presented here apply whether you’re just embarking on your path are nearing the end of it or are on the path in any way. Dr. Dyer urges you to view with an open heart. By doing so you’ll learn to feel the peace of God that truly defines success.  Dr. Dyer shares his view that we’re living in an age of spiritual deficiency. We have more than enough information in our society — it’s spirituality that’s lacking.
357857 Can a single building impact the career of an architect the image of a global company and even the skyline of a big city?  Just a month and a day after the disastrous attack on the World Trade Center in New York the first steel beam of a new tower is erected in London. One question is on everybody’s mind: is it the right decision to build a new iconic tower in the midst of London’s financial district on a site that has already been bombed before?  The 40-storey steel and glass tower sparks further controversy. Norman Foster one of Britain’s most visionary architects calls his design for the new Swiss Re London headquarters ‘radial – socially technically architecturally and spatially’. In fact its size and shape are so radical that it is almost immediately nicknamed ‘the erotic gherkin’.  Will the Gherkin become the landmark they all dream of?
357863 Welcome to the Roisin Dubh Galway’s legendary trad music venue. It's a place of magic and the place where Des Bishop chose to film his latest internationally acclaimed stand up show Desfunctional. Take a seat and prepare yourself for a hilariously funny electrifying and unique comedy experience.  From skinny dipping in Dingle to what the Irish Barack Obama would sound like Desfunctional takes a humorous look at why the Irish turn every emotional experience into a joke.  Des is on fire in this brilliant show which delivers the powerful and intimate feel of a sizzling trad music session.
357865 Pump It Up - The Ultimate Dance Workout' mixes dance music with aerobic exercise. Shot on the same location as the video for Eric Prydz's 'Call On Me' the DVD features routines demonstrated and choreographed by Deanne Berry - the beautiful instructor in the music video. Accompanied by 7 of the girls from the video Deanne goes through a warm-up 3 dance workouts and a chill-out cool-down.  Tracklist:  1. Call On Me - Eric Prydz 2. Stand Back - Linus Loves 3. Pump It Up - Danzel 4. Let The Sunshine - Milk &amp; Sugar 5. Do You Know - Angel 6. Every Little Time - Onyx 7. Somebody To Love - Boogie Pimps 8. Sunshine After The Rain - Bel Air feat. Lisa 9. Loneliness - Tomcraft 10. Pasilda - Afro Medusa 11. Satisfaction - Benny Benassi 12. Get Up Stand Up - Stellar Project feat. Brandi Emma 13. Rapture (Soulside Mix) - Ilo 14. Get It On - Intenso Project feat. Lisa Scott-Lee 15. Heaven (Candelight Mix) - DJ Sammy 16. Deepest Blue (Jon Hopkin Mix) - Deepest Blue 17. American Dream - Jakatta
358100 Johnny Cash: American Rebel is built around 12 essential Johnny Cash tracks spanning four decades that each deliver the passion musicality and messages against war injustice racism and prejudice including “Folsom Prison Blues” “Jackson” “San Quentin” “Man in Black” “Sunday Morning Coming Down” “Ring of Fire” and “Hurt.” Each song illustrates a chapter in his life as well the story of an ever-changing America from the 1950s to modern day as told through interviews archival concert footage photographs and personal artifacts from the Cash family.
358256 A series of murders are confounding the local police with its residue of mutilated corpses. It begins when a sadistic cult murders willing victims for entertainment. Professor Lafitte a rich sophisticated man whose hobby is collecting souls leads the cult. One of his students is Jack brilliant and obsessed with composing avant-grade music. He decides to compose a concerto for synthesizer &amp; samplers that is based on the recorded sound of human screams. Jack is drawn into the clutches of the professor who is guiding him into a dark path of self discovery in his attempt to create a new kind of music.
"358392 Pulau Hantu*"" (translation: Ghost Island) is a made-for-TV horror flick. It tells the tale of a group of ragtag soldiers who whilst searching for an AWOL section inadvertently disturb an unholy grave site. Day turns to night and the mildly forested area becomes a thick dense jungle. Ill-equipped and without an inkling as to why these supernatural events have cursed them they race against time within the cursed island in their fight for survival - uncovering past mysteries and hidden secrets - while being terrorized by the revenge-seeking spirits of a native woman and her child who were victimized and murdered by a witch doctor over a century ago.  - Written by Esan Sivalingam"
358393 Setlist:  1. One Way or Another  2. Rave  3. Hanging on the Telephone (The Nerves cover)  4. Mile High  5. Call Me  6. Take Me in the Night  7. Maria  8. Euphoria  9. A Rose by Any Name  10. Rapture (with (You Gotta) Fight for… more )  11. The Tide Is High (The Paragons cover)  12. Groove Is In the Heart  13. Atomic  14. Sugar on the Side  15. Heart of Glass  Encore:  16. Union City Blue  17. War Child (Black Sabbath's War Pigs intro)  18. Dreaming
"358395 When Kulap Vilaysack was 14 she took her father's side in an argument and her mother replied ""Why are you defending him? He's not your real dad."" Twenty years later she's finally ready to learn what that means. ORIGIN STORY is a feature-length international quest with stops in Los Angeles Minnesota and Laos to meet the biological father she never knew. On the road unforeseen revelations strike as hilarious or heartbreaking rarely in between. An avid comic book reader with a vigilante character named after her in the DC Comics universe she must summon the courage of Katharsis because each question is another step out on a limb. ORIGIN STORY is a deeply personal but universally relevant tale of immigration conflict addiction and personal responsibility. Interviewees in the film include extended family husband Scott Aukerman and close friends like Sarah Silverman Casey Wilson June Diane Raphael and Howard Kremer."
358591 Indian cinema has the largest audience of any art form on the planet.  With a population of over a billion India has recently enjoyed an economic boom and its movie stars are treated like deities. Today their fame stretches across the diaspora in what has become a truly global industry.  As Indian cinema celebrates its centenary Sanjeev Bhaskar travels across the subcontinent to get under the skin of the Indian movie business as never before.  From young hopefuls in the slums of Mumbai to superstars like Kareena Kapoor and Aamir Khan he meets the stars of the silver screen and the people behind the scenes - legendary producers directors musicians and choreographers - exploring the stories behind some of the greatest films ever made.
"358702 When 22 year old Maggie suddenly collapses into a coma the doctors diagnose her with a genetic kidney disease. Already in the end stage she must receive a kidney transplant from a family member with a perfect match. Unknown to her and her siblings Maggie was adopted from Mexico after she was kidnapped and sold to her wealthy family. With little time left her adoptive mother must find her biological mother and persuade her to donate her kidney to save Maggie despite the tragedy of losing her daughter years ago. But can two families worlds apart save a dying young woman in her ""end stage"" without losing themselves maybe even dying for her cause?"
358804 The Madness of Max is a feature-length documentary on the making of arguably the most influential movie of the past thirty years. With over forty cast-and-crew interviews hundreds of behind-the-scenes photographs and never-before-seen film footage of the shoot this is without a doubt the last word on Mad Max (1979).Interviews include: George Miller Byron Kennedy Mel Gibson Hugh Keays-Byrne Steve Bisley Roger Ward Joanne Samuel David Eggby Jon Dowding and many more. From the Producers to the Bike Designers to the Traffic Stoppers this is the story of how Mad Max was made.
358835 Fanarchy explores the rise of fan culture and ways in which fans are threatening the Hollywood system by becoming a creative force in their own right. With affordable technology at their fingertips fans are producing more new content per month than studios or networks combined. Whether it's an original idea or a personal spin on a favorite film or TV show fans are taking the reins and blurring the line between amateur and professional. Written and directed by Halifax’s own Donna Davies Fanarchy exposes the burgeoning media landscape and the issues that complicate it – copyright intellectual property and the concept of originality in a remix culture.
358924 Two-time Academy Award® winner Barbara Kopple shines a powerful inspiring and entertaining spotlight on contemporary soul queen Sharon Jones. As she prepares to release her much-anticipated new album Sharon comes face to-face with the greatest challenge of her life: a grave cancer diagnosis. Follow this tour de force over the course of an eventful and remarkable year as she struggles to hold her band The Dap-Kings together while battling her way back to the stage with the unstoppable determination of a true soul survivor
359250 An astonishing breakthrough is taking shape on the planet Caprica. The rapidly evolving spheres of human and mechanical engineering have collided along with the fates of two families. Joined by tragedy in an explosive instant of terror two rival clans led by powerful patriarchs Joseph Adama (Esai Morales Jericho) and Daniel Graystone (Eric Stoltz The Butterfly Effect) duel in an era of questionable ethics corporate machinations and unbridled personal ambition as the final war for humanity looms. The latest phenomenon from the executive producers of Battlestar Galactica (Ronald D. Moore and David Eick) set in a time over 50 years earlier Caprica is entirely its own world - provocative thrilling and startlingly relevant to our own.
"359371 American ultra running legend Micah True (Caballo Blanco or the White Horse) lived and ran with the Tarahumara Indians in Northern Mexico. The Tarahumara (also known as the Rarįmuri or the Running People) are some of the best long distance runners in the world. This award-winning feature-length documentary chronicles Micah's quest to promote and preserve Tarahumara running tradition by creating a 50-mile foot race known as the Copper Canyon Ultra Marathon which was portrayed in Christopher McDougall’s best-selling book ""Born to Run – A Hidden Tribe Super Athletes and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen""."
359654 Sky Arts presents the definitive story of The Jam one of the most successful British bands in rock history who were at the forefront of the late 1970s punk-mod scene. Featuring exclusive interviews with Paul Weller Bruce Foxton and Rick Buckler and richly illustrated with archive performances this documentary directed by Bob Smeaton traces the band's formation and success between 1975 and 1982 and is set against the backdrop of the ever changing politics fashion and attitudes that shaped the period of late 70s and early 80s.
359713 When a new kid named Cory moves to town he's picked on by the school bullies. To protect himself he doesn't use his fists-he uses his brain instead! He scares the bullies off by fibbing that his father is a hit man for the mob. Word quickly spreads around and gets the attention of the REAL mobsters in town too. Now his dad has the problem! As shenanigans between the family and the mobsters ensue Cory must find a way to make things right.
359871 Following a long fascination with the religion and with much experience in dealing with eccentric unpalatable and unexpected human behavior the beguilingly unassuming Theroux won't take no for an answer when his request to enter the Church's headquarters is turned down. Inspired by the Church's use of filming techniques and aided by ex-members of the organization Theroux uses actors to replay some incidents people claim they experienced as members in an attempt to better understand the way it operates. In a bizarre twist it becomes clear that the Church is also making a film about Louis Theroux.
"360032 The untold story of how legal pioneer Mary Bonauto partnered with small town Vermont lawyers Beth Robinson and Susan Murray in a 2-decade long struggle that built the foundation for the entire marriage equality movement. Despite fierce opposition Vermont became the first state to grant same sex couples legal recognition through a groundbreaking 1999 State Supreme Court decision and the first to legalize marriage equality by legislative vote in 2009. HRC's Marty Rouse said ""They really changed the course of American history."" Featuring Freedom to Marry founder Evan Wolfson civil rights legend Rep. John Lewis and Tony-winning playwright Terrence McNally."
360081 The film follows Henson’s career from his first work with his Muppets in the early 1950’s during television’s Golden Age up to his sudden and shocking death in 1990 as he transcended puppetry to become one of the most creative prolific and influential artists of his time. Key events include his early television work with the Muppets while still a student at the University of Maryland his commercial work and network appearances in the late 1950s and early 1960’s his breakthrough with Sesame Street The Muppet Show Fraggle Rock and his groundbreaking fantasy films Dark Crystal and Labyrinth.  Among those interviewed for the Jim Henson episode are his children Lisa Cheryl Brian and Heather Henson actors Neil Patrick Harris and Candice Bergen Willard Scott director John Landis former Disney CEO Michael Eisner and Sesame Street cast members Bob McGrath and Carroll Spinney.
360619 Brothers Colin and Ewan McGregor follow up their documentary The Battle of Britain with a film exploring Bomber Command a rarely told story from the Second World War.  The film focuses primarily on the men who fought and died in the skies above occupied Europe with numerous examples of individual heroism and extraordinary collective spirit and Colin learns to fly the key aircraft of the campaign: the Lancaster bomber. But this is also the story of a controversy that has lasted almost 70 years.  The program covers six years of wartime operations and traces the obstacles and challenges that were overcome as the RAF developed and deployed the awesome fighting force that was Bomber Command.
360800 Aerosmith Rocks Donington 2014 is much more than just a great gig. It is a lasting document of the powerful and explosive bond that these five men Steven Tyler Joe Perry Brad Whitford Tom Hamilton and Joey Kramer have made with each other and with fans of rock n roll everywhere. The film captures Aerosmith headlining the massive Download Festival at Donington Park with all their attitude and talent-drenched beauty as they deliver a blistering set of their greatest hits. It is a true once-in-a-lifetime rock n roll experience to treasure and remember forever.
360823 After quitting her job at the World Trade Center Rhea Zimmerman finds herself 9 months later in New York City on 9/11 feeling afraid horrified lost and wondering what she could do to help create a better story for humanity. She finds her answer and her healing when she fuels herself with purpose by becoming a chiropractor with a passion for unconditional love and international service. 11 years later we join her on a 5-day chiropractic service trip to The Sacred Valley Peru with her new boyfriend Austin and her friend Alejandra.  They are on a mission to serve as many people as possible offering healing hope and connection through collaboration with a medical clinic. Watch as the three stretch themselves by surrendering to service affecting thousands that they touch and ultimately transforming as individuals through the power of love and teamwork. Love Bomb is interwoven with expert voices that explore themes of human transformation love altruism and consciousness.
361125 Travis is a divorced architect and devoted father of two who has a hard time handling his unruly dog Lucky especially when he goes on dates which Lucky has a habit of sabotaging.  Travis starts falling for a fellow architect Amber whose dog Cassie provides a convenient love interest for Lucky. Through Travis and Amber have a mutual attraction they find themselves at odds when their architectural firm is hired by the wealthy Preston Spencer to design a destination retreat on Catalina Island and Spencer wants all the architects to compete for the design he'll choose.  Unfortunately for Travis the bigger problem is that Spencer has set his sights on Amber and she seems to be falling for him in return ...
361222 The story is about Eva a Ukrainian girl who has come to Milan to work as a model. As soon as she arrives in Italy she attracts the attention of the male world. All of the men that she encounters seem to be solely interested in exploiting her beauty: and so we have Luke the stalker who never stops tormenting her with text messages and phone calls; Airoldi the shady television producer who offers her various jobs in exchange for her sexual favours and lastly Tom a vile photographer who has no scruples whatsoever. After being raped at a party by Tom and two of his colleagues Eva is invited by Cindy her flatmate to a sort of Sabbath attended solely by women in a place outside Milan. From that moment on the gateway to success in the fashion world opens before Eva and at the same time a tremendous vendetta begins against the violent male world.
361250 A story about the power of belief The Devout follows Darryl Eckford during trying times: his 4-year-old daughter Abigail has terminal cancer with weeks to live. Abigail is obsessed with space and she talks with extraordinary detail of the Apollo 1 space mission. After she admits her former name Darryl researches the space mission and finds inexplicable coincidences. A devout Christian Darryl faces a crisis of faith when he begins to believe that his daughter was an astronaut in a former life. This newfound belief instills hope in Darryl because if his daughter has lived before she will live again. He must face his wife community and his own faith as he seeks out truth because if his daughter has lived before she will live again. Its intriguing story and meticulous direction from Connor Gaston makes The Devout one of the most impressive Canadian independent films of the year.
361422 With the Storybook of Legends still in Wonderland Raven attempts to teleport her friends there despite still getting the hand of her powers. Apple Raven Briar Lizzie Kitty and Maddie end up in Wonderland in just days away from the Queen of Heats' birthday but they end up at Wonderland High where they meet the charming Red and White Knights. However the school is ruled by Courtly Jester who attempts to keep the girls from graduating Wonderland High for her devious plans against the Queen of Hearts.
361475 An English mother and her teenage son spend a week preparing the sale of their remote holiday house in the South of France. Fifteen-year-old Elliot struggles with his dawning sexuality and an increasing alienation from his mother Beatrice. She in turn is confronted by the realisation that her marriage to his father Philip has grown loveless and the life she knows is coming to an end. When an enigmatic local teenager Clément quietly enters their lives both mother and son are compelled to confront their desires and finally each other.
"361505 A womanizing yet lovable loser Charlie a waiter in his early 30's who dreams of selling his book entitled ""7 STEPS OF HEALING THE MALE BROKEN HEART"" finds himself still working in restaurants to survive in the Big Apple. Low on cash he's left with no other choice but to look for a roommate to share his tiny studio. Surprisingly the first person to answer the ad is his ex and only love of his life Pam who broke his heart and disappeared without reason and the inspiration behind his book. The Pam he remembered was a youthful spirit with lots of money who is now broke and disheveled. A new story begins and it is up to Charlie to find out why she ran out on him and what's happened to her over the past three years. With a potential new love in his life he must gather the strength to help Pam get back on her feet without rekindling old feelings."
361522 Althea Gibson’s life and achievements transcend sports. A truant from the rough streets of Harlem Althea emerged as a most unlikely queen of the highly segregated tennis world in the 1950s. Her roots as a sharecropper’s daughter her family’s migration north to Harlem in the 1930s mentoring from Sugar Ray Robinson David Dinkins and others and fame that thrust her unwillingly into the glare of the early Civil Rights movement all bring her story into a much broader realm of the American story.
361745 With plans to leave their small town teenage loves Annie and Ben elope. Their big city plans are halted though when Annie's parents have the marriage annulled. Ben moves to New York while Annie stays in Iowa to help her family. Fifteen years later both engaged to their respective fiancés the two discover that their annulment was never finalized. They reunite to make their divorce legal but begin to reminisce about what could have been. When romantic feelings resurface Annie and Ben must decide if their past love could be the love of their future.
361749 Two years after her husband dies in a sudden accident Annie and her two children are left to cope with the loss. Annie can't imagine falling in love again until she meets a wealthy bachelor who is drawn to her free spirit. Afraid to love again she longs for guidance when she starts to develop feelings for this new man. Her prayers are answered when she starts receiving communications from her late husband that encourage her to follow her heart.
361850 Jumpers for Goalposts brings together Ed’s captivating performances from the biggest shows of his career at Wembley Stadium in July 2015 where he wows the 80000 strong crowd with his biggest hits to date including “The A Team” “Sing” and “Thinking Out Loud” – and there’s even a surprise duet from Sir Elton John.  As well as his breath-taking onstage performance Jumpers for Goalposts is intercut with the story of Ed’s triumphant road to Wembley presenting a revealing and personal glimpse into life backstage and on the road along with an honest and intimate reflection by Ed – and those closest to him – on just how far he has come.
361931 Filmed over 14 months with unprecedented access into the inner circle of the man and the sport this is the first official and fully authorised film of one of the most celebrated figures in football.  For the first time ever the world gets vividly candid and un-paralleled behind-closed-doors access to the footballer father family-man and friend in this moving & fascinating documentary. Through in-depth conversations state of the art football footage and never before seen archival footage the film gives an astonishing insight into the sporting and personal life of triple Ballon D'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo at the peak of his career.  From the makers of ‘Senna’ and ‘Amy’ Ronaldo takes audiences on an intimate and revealing journey of what it’s like to live as an iconic athlete in the eye of the storm.
"362002 ""Origins"" takes a journey through the biological roots of where we have come from and where we have gone. Using fire as a metaphor for technology the film looks at the advances of our civilization and how the recklessness of unchecked technology is now choking out the environment and poisoning our bodies. Interviews with the biggest names in the health and green space create compelling context and arguments for how we can better coexist with nature. ""Origins"" shows how man technology and nature can walk together in balance."
"362036 Celtic Thunder have chosen to return to their roots in order to film this musical odyssey back to the heart of the Celt. The core theme of Mythology is found in the opening number ""Voices call from the old days Voices tell from the past Ancient laws and ancient old ways to recast."" It's the story of the Celts in Ireland their legends their history and their stories. It's the lifeblood of modern day Ireland and it's influences from our Celtic past which are still carried in each one of us as part of who we are and where we come from."
362226 Rich Froning Jr entered the 2014 CrossFit Games competition with three consecutive victories a feat that no other athlete had accomplished.  After finding CrossFit in 2009 Froning began a history-making career finishing second at the CrossFit Games in 2010 and dominating the competition for the next four years.  His four titles five trips to the podium 16 event wins 35 top-five event finishes and 45 top-10 event finishes are all records and he's revered in the community.  Froning's athletic prowess has been under the microscope for five years but there's much more to the man from Tennessee than snatches and pull-ups.  In this in-depth documentary by Heber Cannon take a look into the life and childhood of the fittest man in history follow his quest to a fourth straight CrossFit Games championship and see him as a son a husband and a new father.
"362266 ""Eating Happiness"" is a call-to-action documentary to stop human dog meat consumption and the brutal inhumane treatment of the trafficked dogs prior to killing. Animal rights activist Genlin takes you on his personal journey through the back streets and rural villages of Vietnam South Korea Thailand and China to disclose the brutal violence of the dog meat trade - an atrocity to man's best friend. As difficult as the subject matter is to watch the purpose is to inform and educate the world that this activity does exist and to force legislative change from the respective governments."
362299 Two Strong Hearts: Live In Concert captures the magic performance of John Farnham and Olivia Newtown-John performing together on stage. The concert was recorded live at Rod Laver Arena Melbourne 8th April 2015.  Australia's much-loved legends performed a set together and solo sets to ensure all their hits spanning 5 decades along with some special selections were showcased for fans on this once-in-a-lifetime concert experience.  Songs: Two Strong Hearts Let Me Be There Magic Have You Never Been Mellow Xanadu I Honestly Love You Tenterfield Saddler No One Comes Close Love To Shine Age Of Reason That's Freedom Suddenly Dare To Dream Somewhere Over The Rainbow Burn For You Hit The Road Jack/Fever Cry Me A River A Little More Love Hopelessly Devoted To You You're The One That I Want Summer Nights Reasons Man Of The Hour Pressure Down Playing To Win Hearts On Fire If Not For You Everytime You Cry Physical You're The Voice It's A Long Way To The Top
362321 Over the past two decades the frequency of autism occurring in children has skyrocketed from 1 in 10000 to 1 in 50 and still the scientific community is no closer to determining a cause. When a man quits his job and moves into an RV to travel the country in search of answers after a devastating sickness brings him to the edge of despair his research leads him to the middle of what is one of the biggest childhood epidemics of all time and to the many unanswered questions surrounding the issue.
"362404 Shot live from Minneapolis MN it features five exciting bouts with some of the industries top rated female MMA fighters. They include #1 ranked Megumi Fujii the world’s best pound for pound MMA female fighter from Tokyo Japan - in only her second ever U.S. fight. Others included are Kelly Kobold (15-0-1) Adrienna Jenkins (10-1-0) Shayna Baszler (6-3) and Ginele Marquez (5-5-1). Plus guest commentary from UFC Lightweight Champion Sean Sherk former UFC Lightweight champion of the World Jens Pulver PRIDE fighter and broadcaster Josh Barnett and renowned MMA Fighter and professional female boxer Erin Toughill. The Breakout also provides an exciting glimpse into the fighter’s personal lives their style of fighting and their pre fight game plan. It’s ""Ultimate Chick Fighting"" at its best."
362507 Mack and Jesse are a father and son survivalist team in the making. Jesse just wants to do his own thing his own way. A sudden outbreak of zombies centers on an office building trapping the occupants. Mack and Jesse happen upon the scene on their way to an underground bunker. Against Mack's better judgment they stop and try to help. The situation becomes grim as the zombies breach the building and the office workers are picked off. Mack and Jesse attempt to lead the remaining group to safety. Can they some how learn to see eye to eye during a zombie holocaust and save humanity?
362604 Pat Metheny - The Unity Sessions' finds the 20 time Grammy winning guitarist and the youngest member of the Downbeat Hall of Fame at the helm of one of his best bands ever as they wrap up a 150 date world tour with an intimate studio performance filmed in a small New York City theater. Featuring new performances of music from the Grammy winning 'Unity Band' record the expansive 'Unity Group KIN' recording and touchstones from the entirety of Metheny's illustrious career these are essential performances that serve as a rare visual documentation of some of the best music of Metheny's ever expanding career.
362714 Quentin is a destitute filmmaker who resorts to making home-made pornos to achieve his celluloid dreams. Nigel is a sweet and sensitive hairdresser reluctantly lured by his hit-woman Mother to join her on one last lucrative job. Can Quentin convince his recently unemployed girlfriend Debbie to co-star in his upcoming pornographic masterpiece with his best buddy Clarke? Can Nigel complete the job with his sanity intact or will he finally snap  - becoming the psychopath his Mother always dreamed he'd be?
"362720 Would-be novelist Jess Bartlett stages a ""quiet night in"" to finish her new book fuelled by glasses of wine and her favourite board game ""Cluedo"". Then all manner of odd friends and acquaintances show up with only one thing in common - they pay 'Cluedo'. As Jess moves her pieces into place her life unravels as she becomes ""trapped"" in her house with a troubled footballer a manic TV advice show host and a randy old author and an unseen chicken."
"362741 Katy Perry takes the stage at the 2015 Rock in Rio festival September 27 in Rio de Janeiro Brazil. Setlist: Roar / Part of Me / Wide Awake / Dark Horse / E.T. / Legendary Lovers / I Kissed a Girl / Hot N Cold / International Smile (With ""Vogue"" snippet by Madonna) / By the Grace of God / The One That Got Away / Thinking of You / Unconditionally / Walking on Air / This Is How We Do / Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.) / Teenage Dream / California Gurls / Firework"
362842 On the tenth anniversary of the Attacks of September 11th 2001 expert witnesses gathered  at Ryerson University in Toronto Canada to provide evidence-based research that called into  question the official story of 9/11. This was known as The Toronto Hearings on 9/11.  Over a period of four days these experts in Structural Engineering Physics Chemistry and  History gave researched and professional testimony to an international panel of  distinguished judges. The panel of judges in conjunction with the steering committee would  go on to publish their final analysis of the evidence provided which called for a new  investigation into the Attacks of September 11th 2001.  This film is a summary of the strongest evidence given over the four days of hearings. To  see the hearings in their entirety please visit http://torontohearings.org/ or read the  final report available on the aforementioned website.
363003 In an inner city loft Belinda(Smuts-Kennedy) lives her dream of being a writer. Across the street is Suzanne (Rutter)  a painter who has the success Belinda craves. Suzanne lives with Tony (Lovatt) an actor frustrated by his dead-end  role in a soap who is looking for a way out. Soon Belinda is caught up in a love triangle - which is just the experience  she needs to inspire her first novel. This is about sex and love success and failure creativity and careers.
363114 On June 7 2014 forty-five cyclists from around the world set out on the inaugural Trans Am Bike Race following the famed TransAmerica Trail. Their mission is to cover 4233 miles in one enormous stage race traversing through ten states in a transcontinental adventure of epic proportions.  Inspired To Ride follows closely the journey of a handful of these cyclists as they prepare compete and experience what riding 300 miles a day feels like with only a few hours sleep. They will rely solely on their fitness meticulously chosen gear and mental fortitude to get them to the finish. And to make it even more interesting they’ll be self-supported – no crew no follow vehicles and no prize money waiting at the end.
363143 After the success of Star Wars Begins filmmaker Jamie Benning (aka Jambe Davdar) embarked upon a new adventure. This time turning his attention to the first film in the Indiana Jones Trilogy (yes trilogy!). Raiding the Lost Ark A Filmumentary is the culmination eight months of reading trawling interviewing and editing. This time Jamie has sourced some of the interviews himself with contributors from Wolf Kahler (Colonel Dietrich) Brian Muir (legendary sculptor) Mark Mangini (part of the Oscar winning sound team) and most surprisingly Sean Young (talking about her audition for the part of Marion Ravenwood).
363483 When Anna Parisi an unemployed fine arts painter is unable to make ends meet she is hired to become a personal Christmas shopper for Marc an uptight corporate exec.  As they begin working together Marc learns that Christmas giving has less to do with the amount of money spent and more to do with the importance of the gift while Anna discovers she might find success as an artist in a way she never expected.  The best gift of all of course is the love they discover with one another.
363484 Susan is a newspaper staffer who decides to generate some Christmas spirit by writing an article about her family’s storied 100-year-old hand-carved heirloom Christmas angel. This leads her to accidentally meet Brady a cute upbeat artist who insists that he and Susan become fast friends (at least). It turns out that this angel also has the spiritual power to bring people together – as it seems to be doing with Susan and Brady. What’s behind this enchanted ornament? As time moves on more about this captivating artifact is revealed.
363672 The show is a blast from the first note to the last and grows song after song supported by the audience impressive presence. During this concert Deep Purple left their “safe zone”. That is why this concert is the one that represents a feeling of improvisation and electricity similar to the band's classic years - more than many other live releases by the band. The show has been filmed by 9 HD cameras and it is also available in 3D on the Blu-ray version (the first time for Deep Purple)
363926 Filmed over the course of four years Grabsky and his Seventh Art team followed leading concert pianist Leif Ove Andsnes's attempt to understand and interpret one of the greatest sets of works for piano ever written: Beethoven's five piano concertos.The end result is a beautifully-crafted film with lavish cinematography a signature of Grabsky and Seventh Art's style.  Considered one of the top pianists of the age Leif Ove Andsnes offers rare insights into the mind of a world-class pianist and access to his personal and professional life. Against the wonderful background of Leif Ove Andsnes playing these five pieces we also peel back the many myths of Beethoven's life. Perhaps above all it is the fresh new biography of Beethoven that is most revealing.
364312 At an exclusive Catholic boys school in Melbourne 1976 Tim Conigrave and John Caleo fell madly in love. Their passionate tempestuous operatic romance lasted for 16 years facing disapproval temptation separation and the looming shadow of the Grim Reaper. Their relationship has been immortalised in Conigrave's posthumous autobiography Holding the Man (now a major Australian film directed by Neil Armfield). This is the true story of how Romeo met Romeo and how first love can not only last but endure.
364475 A middle aged bachelor Mario spent his life taking care of his eccentric sister Brenda. He sells goodies in a mobile cart for a living. His daily routine gets a sudden turnaround when his dying friend Arnold made him promise to take care of his daughter Ana. But Ana is not just an ordinary little girl despite her angelic look; she is cunning and mischievous who is in search of her estranged mother. Mario and Ana agreed that they would earn money to look for Ana’s mother in Cebu but Ana should tame down. Mario performs his new task as a father to the orphan child in a very unconventional way. But through the help of a beautiful teacher named Maribel he would always keep things going.
364814 After six weeks of gruelling competition England battle reigning champions Australia. The two teams are inseparable after eighty minutes. Deep into extra time there are just two minutes left on the clock.  England rumble to within 40 yards of the posts. The ball is sent spiralling back to Jonny Wilkinson the golden boy of English rugby in a split second he drop kicks for goal and a chance for sporting immortality.  It is an astonishing story of pressure expectation and courage tracing the roots of success back to the professionalization of the game in the 90s and culminating in that glorious World Cup campaign of 2003 that turned Woodward’s poisoned chalice into a golden cup.
364831 The great media prankster Joey Skaggs wants to fool the world media AGAIN and with the most complex hoax of his career in the pipeline he now must use every trick in his prankster's arsenal to make it work. Art of the Prank is an emotional journey following the evolution of artist Joey Skaggs-a fierce proponent of independent thinking and the man who has turned the media hoax into an art form. With unprecedented access to the man and his archives the 95-minute documentary interweaves a current unfolding hoax with a look behind-the-scenes at some classic performance pieces (all reported as fact by a wide range of prestigious journalists) plus commentary from co-conspirators and others. -IMDB
364877 David Helfgott says what he thinks plays what he feels and touches in the truest sense of the word. The Oscar winning film SHINE was inspired by his life story and brought him world fame. In 1970 the Australian child prodigy pianist suffered a nervous breakdown. He spent 11 years in mental institutions. In HELLO I AM DAVID we embark on a journey to discover not only the concert pianist but also experience his unique view on our world: a world of love wonder and wisdom.
364902 One fateful night in a small English regional theatre during World War II a troupe of touring actors stage a production of Shakespeares King Lear. Bombs are falling sirens are wailing the curtain is up in an hour but the actor/manager Sir who is playing Lear is nowhere to be seen. His dresser Norman must scramble to keep the production alive but will Sir turn up in time and if he does will he be able to perform that night? The Dresser is a wickedly funny and deeply moving story of friendship and loyalty as Sir reflects on his lifelong accomplishments and seeks to reconcile his turbulent friendships with those in his employ before the final curtain.
365370 Lynyrd Skynyrd performed their first two studio albums Pronounced 'Leh-'nérd 'Skin-'nérd and Second Helping live in their entirety for the first time at two specially staged concerts at the Florida Theater in their home town of Jacksonville Florida. It was a special occasion for both the act and their fans as the band performed tracks they'd never or rarely played live before alongside classic songs that are an essential part of any Lynyrd Skynyrd live show. These unique concerts are a must have for any Lynyrd Skynyrd fan.
365452 An inspirational story of redemption A Rising Tide tells the tale of a young chef Sam Rama. After the destruction of his family's well-established Atlantic City restaurant during Hurricane Sandy Sam must grow up quickly taking the biggest risks of his life both in business and love. When Sam comes to the aid of a wealthy patron and then falls for the newly separated Sarah Bell a chain of unexpected events unfolds for all of them as they discover the only way to achieve their dreams may be to acknowledge what they owe to others and realize that the greatest investments take more than cash.
"365523 Beethoven's Hair traces the unlikely journey of a lock of hair cut from Beethoven's corpse and unravels the mystery of his tortured life and death. The film begins in modern times when a pair of Beethoven enthusiasts purchase the hair at a Sotheby's auction. The story then looks at the lock's previous owners and culminates in the science that reveals Beethoven's ""medical secret"". Set to a lush score of some of Beethoven's most glorious music the film explores the world of forensic testing in sharp relief against the romance of 19th-century Vienna and the horrors of 20th-century Nazi Germany."
365630 2014 was clearly the year of Lisa Stansfield. After 10 years she returned with her latest studio album “Seven” in January 2014 charted all over Europe and in the Top 15 in both UK and Germany. The success was followed by an extensive tour all over Europe and the remix album “Seven+”. Now it's time to continue that great success with the release of her brand-new live album “Live in Manchester” including recent songs like “Can't Dance” from the album “Seven” and classics like “All Around The World“ & “Change”.
365801 Adventurer-geologist Dr. Martin Pepper sets out to prove his theory – that the true Atlantis existed on the Greek island of Santorini and was destroyed in the biggest volcanic eruption in human history. In order to achieve his goal Pepper will use new scientific evidence gathered using state-of-the-art sonar scans of the sea bed and microscopic analysis of the ancient landscape. He must also match Santorini to a series of key clues embedded in the first ever description of Atlantis by the Greek philosopher Plato – from the lost city’s strange ring-shaped design to the role Egyptian priests played in recording the legend in the first place. By the end of the program he reveals the stunning findings which may pinpoint the city and show exactly what it looked like.
366112 Just Let Go' combines full live performances from Lenny Kravitz's 2014 European Tour with interviews and rehearsal footage to give a unique insight into the creative process behind Lenny Kravitz's music and the staging and presentation of his live performances. The film contrasts the intimacy of conversations with Lenny and his band and footage from rehearsals and behind the scenes on the tour with the spectacular live performances of his best loved tracks.  TRACKLISTING  1) Fly Away 2) Dirty White Boots 3) American Woman 4) Dancin' 'Til Dawn 5) Strut 6) It Ain't Over 'Til It's Over 7) New York City 8) The Chamber 9) Sister 10) Dig In 11) Let Love Rule 12) Are You Gonna Go My Way
366221 A Frank Zappa show goes way beyond a mere concert – it is an experience…a flight of improvisation musicianship and cerebral cynicism. An unparalleled Composer and Guitarist Zappa redefined rock n roll paradigms by introducing into the mix his favorite influences from classical music jazz blues doowop traditional and non-traditional music. And he did so with unparalleled humor and audacity. But it was the music itself that influenced generations of musicians and quite frankly blew minds. Roxy: The Movie filmed over three nights in December 1973 at the Roxy Theatre in Hollywood CA is a powerful display of this experience and reveals what made him such a pioneering musical revolutionary.
"366278 Jim Traficant was a legendary quarterback turned mob busting Walking Tall Sheriff who rose to power on a platform of “honesty in politics”. He quickly ascended to the hallowed halls of Congress becoming its most outspoken member. ""Jimbo"" as his die-hard supporters called him was known for his polyester thrift store suits shock top wigs vulgar humor and profanity laced rhetoric against the FBI IRS and every president since Reagan. His one minute speeches made C-SPAN must see programming as he signed off with his patented “Beam Me Up!”  In his post-industrial hometown of Youngstown Ohio -- dubbed Crimetown USA for being the most mobbed up city in America -- ""Jimbo"" was a living legend once garnering more than 90% of the vote. However the eccentric maverick also had a dark side becoming only the second Member of Congress expelled since the Civil War eventually spending over seven years in federal prison on bribery and tax evasion charges."
366363 Join high school-aged girls from around the world as they try to better their community through technology and collaboration in this thrilling heartfelt documentary.  By 2017 the app market will be valued at $77 Billion. Over 80% of these developers are male. The Technovation Challenge aims to change that by empowering girls worldwide to develop apps for an international competition. From rural Moldova to urban Brazil to suburban Massachusetts CODEGIRL follows teams who dream of holding their own in the world’s fastest-growing industry. The winning team gets $10K to complete and release their app but every girl discovers something valuable along the way.
"366651 Harley and Renee Atwater both in their early 30s on a warm sunny Saturday morning as they are preparing their ""Yard Sale."" The reason for the yard sale is simple In two days their divorce will be final and at their mediator's suggestion they've decided to sell all of the possessions they've acquired during their 11-year marriage and split the profits. And during the constant haggling with buyers over the dozens of items that Harley and Renee are selling the items often lead to ""flashbacks"" of incidents that occurred earlier in the couple's marriagegiving us a unique insight into how and why their relationship spiraled downward ultimately leading to their pending divorce and this unique ""Yard Sale."""
366703 Rush recorded and filmed R40 Live over two sold-out shows in the band’s hometown of Toronto at the Air Canada Centre on June 17 & 19 2015 in the middle of their R40 Live 35-date North American tour.  R40 Live had the trio of Geddy Lee Alex Lifeson and Neil Peart performing a career-spanning live retrospective celebrating their 40+ years together. The epic live shows by the Rock Hall of Famers were captured with 14 cameras to present the band feature-film style.
366737 Two motorcycle racers Adam Riemann and Mark Portbury endure a 7000km mission across Europe in hope of reaching the Pyramids of Egypt. Avoiding Syria the find a way across the Mediterranean and venture into the aftermath of the recent Cairo massacre. Despite military confrontation they defy the odds and make it inside the ancient compound of the Pyramids but triumph turns to treachery as they must continue into one of the Middle East's most lawless regions... the Sinai Peninsula. Putting their lives further at risk the boys wander into the Sinai only to stumble upon one of religion's most sacred landmarks. Motonomad isn't just a motorcycle adventure - it's a story of discovery friendship and the undeniable power of chance.
"367001 Among the most popular and recognizable cartoon characters ever created Bugs Bunny is that rare animated creation with a personality so vibrant it's hard to believe he's not ""real."" The carrot-savoring hero of over 175 cartoon shorts and numerous feature films Bugs has leaped from the screen into the wider world beyond to become a global icon of popular culture and one of the most beloved Looney Tunes characters ever to pop out of a rabbit hole!  Included in the brilliantly restored and re-mastered animated triumphs in this eminently looney assortment of favorite  Bugs Bunny shorts: Bugs and Duffy's epic argument about which of them is fair game in RABBIT SEASONING; the outrageous operatic antics of THE RABBIT OF SEVILLE and Bugs running rings around a bad-tempered bovine in BULLY FOR BUGS. And that's just the beginning..."
367053 A group of lifelong mob movie extras mount a production of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar in their local Staten Island theater in order to finally get some speaking roles. But the theater is the secret hideout of a real-life gangster who fancies himself an actor and whom the FBI are hunting for the recent murder of a Broadway producer. The Feds insert their own undercover agent to audition for the role of Cassius seeking to determine who is the real gangster among a cast of make-believe criminals. All the while the oblivious cast seek only to prove to themselves their families and friends that they are more than just extras.
367094 Our life revolves around perception of truth in our lives we act only on our ability to judge the truth. Truth though is a fickle thing paradoxically because it only occurs in absolution; rest is only our interpretation that allows us to live in a certain subjective truth. Addl. Commissioner of Police Sanket Pujari and the rookie officer Sameera sit across the television screen to decipher a rare case of multiple homicides caught on camera and this case is going to test their fundamental perception of truth.
367151 Composer and performer Danny Elfman Tim Burton’s prolific musical collaborator descends on Lincoln Center with an 88-piece orchestra 44-voice choir and a colorful assortment of fans and fanatics. Live from Lincoln Center will capture all the excitement of this cultural invasion climaxing in performances of Elfman’s most beloved Burton scores from films like Batman Beetlejuice Alice in Wonderland Big Fish Edward Scissorhands and The Nightmare Before Christmas which features Elfman singing his iconic songs.  Accompanying the music are film clips from select movies as well as original sketches and storyboards created by Tim Burton. We’ll also delve into the surreal spectacle behind the performance offering a whimsical look at Elfman and friends as they arrive on campus and prepare for the show. It’s a stylish musical journey filled with nods to the extraordinary vision of Tim Burton and Danny Elfman.
"367513 In hidden basements bedrooms and bars across London ""Chemsex"" is a documentary that exposes frankly and intimately a dark side to modern gay life. Traversing an underworld of intravenous drug use and weekend-long sex parties ""Chemsex"" tells the story of several men struggling to make it out of 'the scene' alive - and one health worker who has made it his mission to save them. While society looks the other way this powerful and unflinching film uncovers a group of men battling with HIV drug addiction and finding acceptance in a changing world."
367540 Starring Hilarie Burton Gabriel Hogan and Tim Matheson “Last Chance Christmas” is about when Prancer injures his hoof and Santa’s stable hand John must find a fill in to ensure Christmas deliveries go off without a hitch. His mission gets complicated when he discovers that Frankie the perfect substitute reindeer belongs to a precocious 8-year-old girl and her mother Annie. As he races to get Frankie up to the North Pole he realizes that he’s actually falling in love with Annie and has to find a way to win her over and save Christmas at the same time.
"367795 Despite what he says Adam is not ""fine"". The summer before freshman year should be a time full of possibilities but Adam struggles with family tragedy everyday teenage growing pains and the very real threat of high school hazing. Fortunately Adam finds allies (some likely some unlikely) who help him repair his heartache as well as his ailing relationship with his father. Set in a small Southern California beach town Adam discovers the inner strength one can find with the support of a community. His story is proof of the notion that with the help of family and friends you can always find your way back home."
"367838 Jesse Hughes AKA Boots Electric AKA The Fabulous Weapon AKA ""The Devil"" - guitarist beloved frontman of the band Eagles of Death Metal man of God and (possibly) aspiring conservative politician. VICE presents The Redemption of the Devil which follows Jesse as he gets ordained as a Catholic minister begins an intense relationship with an ex porn star explores the political arena and fights for custody of his only child all while preparing for the fervently awaited release of his first album since 2008 with childhood best friend Josh Homme frontman of Queens of the Stone Age."
367868 A Single Woman is a distinct lively portrait of Jeannette Rankin (the first American woman elected to Congress; also a suffragist peace activist and reformer) that takes us from her childhood in 1880's Montana to her last television interview in 1972. Deliciously political occasionally chilling ironic and idiosyncratic A Single Woman illuminates the role of the individual in the American legislative process with a whimsical amalgamation of storytelling high-powered discourse and communion. The program is a filmed version of the successful stage play.
"368683 Leonard Bernstein's brilliant comic operetta comes to dazzling new life under the guidance of director Lonny Price (A Class Act). Based on the classic Voltaire tale of an innocent young man's journey through a life filled with colorful characters and unexpected life lessons this tune-filled frolic features Tony Award-winners Patti LuPone and Kristin Chenoweth heading a dazzling cast with Paul Groves Stanford Olsen Sir Thomas Allen and the Westminster Symphonic Choir.  The impeccable score (with lyrics by luminaries including Lillian Hellman Dorothy Parker Stephen Sondheim Richard Wilbur and John La Touche) includes a host of delightful songs such as ""Life Is Happiness Indeed"" ""It Must Be So"" ""You Were Dead You Know"" and ""Make Our Garden Grow."" Now enjoy this all-new production of a musical comedy favorite with Broadway's top stars!"
368692 2015 was a year of landmark events for Eric Clapton. He turned 70 in March and then in May he performed his 200th concert at London's famous Royal Albert Hall fifty years after his first performance there with The Yardbirds. Clapton's 7 night run at the venue was acclaimed by the critics and adored by the fans. The set list blended vintage blues tracks and Eric Clapton classics from across his astonishing career. Clapton has become synonymous with the Royal Albert Hall and this concert is the perfect combination of artist and venue creating a truly magical night for Eric Clapton fans everywhere.
"368835 Two of the most notorious unsolved cases in the history of American crime – the murders of renowned rap stars Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls – have been the subject of exhaustive investigations relentless speculation and a web of conspiracy theories and dark secrets. Now for the first time the true story behind these sensational cases is laid bare in ""Murder Rap: Inside the Biggie and Tupac Murders"". Using information sourced from hundreds of police case files taped confessions never shown before and interviews with the lead detective and witnesses this is the riveting account of the task force that finally exposed the shocking truth behind the deaths of these two rap music icons."
369026 Michael McIntyre is back with his brand new show Happy and Glorious. Following the record breaking successes of Live and Laughing Hello Wembley and Showtime Michael returns to the stage to do what he does best; make everyday life face-achingly hilarious. Happy and Glorious was recorded at the O2 where Michael has now performed 27 times more than any other artist in the world. Michael throws everything in to this memorable performance that has over 15000 rolling in the aisles and on their feet at the end. Not to be missed!
369055 Having just moved back to her hometown without her serviceman husband but with her young son Gretchen Daniels finds her life in disarray as Christmas approaches. But she discovers new purpose when she helps to deliver a message to her neighbor Melissa which makes her an ally in the quest to find the neighbor's sibling she never knew she had. The women become bonded not only by the search but by the understanding that being there for each other means they're no longer alone. This friendship becomes the greatest Christmas gift of their lives. Based on a bestselling novel by Donna VanLiere.
"369059 Good Samaritan Sarah Fitzpatrick has a fatal accident just before Christmas and finds herself in the lobby before the gates of Heaven. Certain that she will be let in she is shocked to find that her name is not on the reservation list. However she is granted the chance to return to Earth as an ""angel in training"" with the requirement to help a soul in need. Sarah has the 12 days before Christmas to secure her place on the list leaving her in the race for her after-life."
369320 The Empire Strikes Back Uncut is the follow-up to Star Wars Uncut a 2010 fan-made mash-up of the entire original 1977 film by George Lucas. The Empire Strikes Back Uncut project launched in 2013 with fans claiming 15-second scenes to reimagine as they saw fit resulting in sequences created with everything from action figures to cardboard props to stunning visual effects. Helmed by Casey Pugh who oversaw 2010's Emmy-winning Star Wars Uncut the new film has a wonderful homemade charm stands as an affectionate tribute to The Empire Strikes Back and is a testament to the talent imagination and dedication of Star Wars fans.
369677 Prepare for a musical experience as only Looney Tunes can deliver! From the brilliant minds of maestro Carl Stalling and animation legends including Friz Freleng and Chuck Jones comes 18 musical treasures. Join the likes of Bugs Bunny Elmer Fudd and Porky Pig in classics including Corny Concerto What's Opera Doc? and Rabbit of Seville. Dive deeper into the vaults with gems like Three Little Bops I Love to Singa and Rhapsody in Rivets. Let's go to the symphony with this must-own collection of Musical Masterpieces!
369759 Recorded over Thanksgiving weekend November 28-29 2014 at the House of Blues in Dallas Texas this concert film features fan favorites and hit songs from the albums Foiled Approaching Normal Any Man in America and Sway which were released since the band's previous concert film Argue with a Tree... in 2004.  To Be Sway She's My Ride Home Say It Light You Up Congratulations Into the Ocean Should Be Loved Fear Debris The Getting Over It Part Dirt Room The End Everything (AM Limbo) / The Feel Again (Stay) The Worry List Hate Me X Amount of Words Not Broken Anymore Bleed Out Things We Do At Night
369789 From very different backgrounds the two women bond over their shared love for their families. As the women grow closer Maria reveals her concern for her precocious but lonely daughter Bella who she fears is being bullied at school. At Anna's urging her teenage daughter Emily takes Bella under her wings. Maria's husband Hector loses his job and his ability to provide for his family. He falls into despair as he's unable to find work and turns back to drinking. When he finds Maria at the Sparrow's house he assumes she is cleaning houses. His pride overcomes him and demands she leave with him. Anna agrees to watch Bella as Maria leaves with Hector hoping to reason with him make him understand how much she loves him and that she knows he is always there for his family.  As they weigh the impact on young Bella Anna and Mike face one of the most important decisions of their lives.
"369796 ""A Whole Different Story..."" sees Kevin take us on a journey of his under the radar infiltration into the middle classes and about living in the West End of Glasgow where things aren’t quite as they used to be. Of course with this comes the added novelty of having money for the first time and Kevin shares his views on that as well as musing on politics and the ever-topical Scottish referendum. The razor sharp wit on show here proves he is one of the UK’s brightest young talents and really makes this the DVD for any comedy fan this Christmas."
370097 What happens when you ask the most powerful computer program run by the most powerful computers to follow listen and predict human behavior? The program learns becomes sentient and begins to behave like a human. When a master computer program Echelon takes over America's entire online system our country is threatened to be brought to its knees. Hacking into DARPA Echelon gains the ability to manipulate the weather create earthquakes and cause a level of destruction unlike anything the country could ever imagine. But how do you stop a computer program when it has control over any and every defense you have?
"370272 ""Stink!"" opens with a foul smell and a pair of kids pajamas. And a single father trying to find out what that smell could possibly be. But instead of getting a straight answer director Jon Whelan stumbles on an even bigger issue in America which is that some products on our store shelves are not safe -- by design. Entertaining enlightening and at times almost absurd ""Stink!"" takes you on a madcap journey from the retailer to the laboratory through corporate boardrooms down back alleys and into the halls of Congress. Follow Whelan as he clashes with political and corporate operatives all trying to protect the darkest secrets of the chemical industry. You won't like what you smell."
370284 The Feature does not reconcile fact and fiction; instead it blurs the definitions seemingly represented by the film’s two clearly demarcated registers: that of the archival footage and that of the new theatrical material. In his guise as “Michel Auder” living a fulsome and extravagant life replete with beautiful women and a rock-cut pool overlooking Los Angeles the art world is revealed as a sham and his character exhibits a repulsive narcissism. And yet when caught in quiet moments something poignant emerges—a glimmer of truth that rebels against the entire endeavour. Or maybe that’s what makes The Feature.
370524 Documentary presented by Rageh Omaar which reveals the lives hopes and fears of the young generation of Tehran the most intriguing talked about but least understood city in the world today.  Omaar and director Paul Sapin spent a year arranging the permissions and contacts for the film who include a renowned female photojournalist a woman who is the CEO of an international transport company the editor of a youth magazine the staff at a drug rehab centre and a pop star.
370606 In 1989 the Buffalo Bills were a talented team full of big personalities including future Hall-of-Famers Jim Kelly Bruce Smith Thurman Thomas and Andre Reed. Dysfunction and infighting ran as deep as the talent in their locker room but the team known as “The Bickering Bills” would soon transform themselves into an elite force.  From 1990 through 1993 the Bills went on an unprecedented run of AFC Championship victories appearing in a record four straight Super Bowls. But what’s been remembered most is how those Super Bowl appearances played out with the Bills losing all four. Along the way though the Bills took part in some of the defining NFL moments of the era. Theirs is a heartbreaking tale yet one that ultimately proves Jim Kelly and the Bills to be among the most perseverant group of players in NFL lore.
"370633 More than 8000 participants some donning clown costumes handling balloon giants or striking up the band will set off down the streets of Manhattan at the sound of the time-honored catchphrase ""Let's Have a Parade."" With a live audience more than 3.5 million strong and a nationwide television gathering of more than 50 million viewers the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade is the nation's most beloved holiday pageant.  First year in the lineup: Ice Age's Scrat & his acorn Sinclair Oil's Dino Angry Birds' Red and Ronald McDonald (fourth version)."
"370659 The Theory of Everything: ""Michio Kaku &amp; Steven Hawking have interesting ideas however this video veers less to the direction of Darwin &amp; the ""extremely"" improbable -- more in the direction perhaps of those such as Sir Roger Penrose (a Steven Hawking's mentor) Steven Meyer (ID) Niels Bohr (atomic structure) Sir John Eccles (Nobel Prize for consciousness) Max Planck (father of Quantum Physics) Albert Einstein (Relativity) Thomas Aquinas Aristotle (teacher of Alexander the Great) Plato (student of Aristotle) -- and (above all) -- Jesus Christ. "" ----- a review / quote we liked from a friend at NASA"
370729 Yellow Day chronicles a young man's life-changing and inspirational journey through the mysterious Yellow Day. To many the Yellow Day is simply a fun day celebrating outreach at a kid's camp but to some God bestows visions and miracles transforming their lives. For this young man the Yellow Day becomes an imaginative adventure: showing him true heroes challenging him to face his fears find love and inviting him to accept grace so that he can be shaped into who he is meant to be.
370834 After his wife is killed in a hit-and-run accident by a mysterious Hooded Man Theoretical Physicist Dylan Brandt builds a Quantum Suicide Machine to jump through parallel universes to find another version of his wife. Based on the ancient Greek myth of Orpheus and Eurydice where a man storms of the Gates of Hades to return his wife to the land of the living Dylan transverses infinite worlds of the Multi-verse to find his wife. But with every jump Dylan is thwarted by the efforts of the mysterious Hooded Man until the rules of physics completely break down threatening to destroy the universe and everything in it.
371181 With The Cookie Jar Hannah Swensen has a mouthwatering monopoly on the bakery business of Lake Eden Minnesota. But when a rival store opens and one of the owners is found shot to death in the store Hannah is determined to prove that she wasn't the only one who had an axe to grind with the Quinn sisters. Somebody wasn't fooled by the Georgia Peaches and their sweet-as-pie act--and now it's up to Hannah to track down whoever had the right ingredients to whip up a murder.
371234 The Beatles '1' was originally released in 2000 and quickly became the fastest selling album of all time. Featuring 27 of the band's most significant singles all of which reached #1 in the US or UK charts '1+' represents the ultimate collector's edition of The Beatles '1' featuring all 27 promo videos from the album and an additional 23 videos including alternate versions as well as rarely seen and newly restored films and videos. All the videos have been beautifully restored by a team of film and video technicians and restoration artists who have undertaken painstaking frame-by-frame cleaning colour-grading digital enhancement and new edits that took months of dedicated 'round-the-clock work to accomplish.
371339 Recorded on May 17 2012 at the magnificent Church of the Ascension on Manhattan's lower Fifth Avenue for PBS's (((Artists Den)) this amazing show is now available in all its glory to watch again and again on Blu-Ray. The 16 song 69-minute 'Live from the Artists Den' concert includes five songs that were not included in the broadcast plus an additional 50 minutes of behind-the-scenes bonus material. This bonus materials includes an exclusive extended interview with Wainwright an additional interview with the Church of Ascension's rector Father Andrew 'Inside the Den' a behind-the-scenes look at the concert shoot and location and a 'Night in Pictures' slideshow.
371477 After losing rugby’s holy grail the Currie Cup Schuks (Leon Schuster) sets off on a hilarious journey to pay for what he has done. In lieu of a R1 million fine the Sports Minister (Desmond Dube) offers Schuks a lifeline to create a documentary film that shows South Africa in a positive light.As the documentary takes shape the Currie Cup traverses its own perilous journey as it moves from two clueless crooks Bossie (Ivan Lucas) and Savage (Gerrit Schoonhoven) to an enterprising traffic officer and a conniving pawnbroker among others.True to form the “documentary” features a series of brand new candid camera gags for which Schuster is so well known featuring unsuspecting South African citizens and a host of famous personalities and celebrities - both past and current.
371517 A mysterious man Dean returns to his hometown of Grimsby after many years abroad in the Army. His arrival is met with animosity particularly from his father an avid pigeon racer. Dean is drawn back to confront his demons and confess a secret to a childhood friend Jess only to discover she has been struggling since the untimely death of her husband. Whilst attempting to raise her child and battling a crumbling economy and dearth of opportunities she is pulled into a harsh underworld. Dean must help her throw her a lifeline but the situation only darkens. When their lives are threatened he will do all it takes to make sure she is safe.
"371553 Jurassic: Trey Smith | Bob Enyart -- Jurassic OFFICIAL HD Dinosaur documentary. Jurassic is a journey into the REAL genetics of dinosaurs and the lives of Jurassic dinosaur researchers and dinosaur investigators...... those who have have lost careers credibility and their livelihood try to tell the TRUTH about dinosaurs. Many in the academic world use dinosaurs as the tool to indoctrinate children into the underpinnings of occult belief systems such as Darwinism. Sir Richard Owen -- the man who coined the term dinosaur (or dinosauria) and came up with the VERY SCIENCE of the study of the ancient Jurassic Dragons.... the Jurassic Dinosaurs..... the creatures brought to life in the Jurassic Park franchise of films (including the new Jurassic Park 5). Sir Richard Owen -- to whom we are indebted to even the very word ""dinosaur"" spent his life fighting Darwinism."
"371554 Nephilim: Origin of Genetic Evil takes a deep look at human genetics elongated skulls ""Nephilim Skulls"" ancient giants ""Nephilim giants"" giant skulls (fragments) and Neanderthal skulls (genetically) -- all this in an EASY walk through of precise Hebrew Babylonian - Sumerian Egyptian & Book of Enoch accounts of Nephilim / Annunaki Ancient Alien / Demons Fallen Angels and even the father of all lies --- Satan... From the depths of the underworld & Lucifer (Luciferian) occult of Hell's gates.... to the ancient pages of Biblical revelation and prophecy... to the very words of prophecy from the lips of Jesus Christ Himself...."
371647 It is the 1960s. Two Maori families the Mahanas and the Poatas make a living shearing sheep on the east coast of New Zealand. The two clans who are bitter enemies face each other as rivals at the annual sheep shearing competitions. Simeon is a 14-year-old scion of the Mahana clan. A courageous schoolboy he rebels against his authoritarian grandfather Tamihana and his traditional ways of thinking and begins to unravel the reasons for the long-standing feud between the two families. Before long the hierarchies and established structures of the community are in disarray because Tamihana who is as stubborn as he is proud is not prepared to acquiesce and pursue new paths. The story is adapted from Witi Ihimaera's novel Bulibasha: King of the Gypsies.
371653 One of music’s biggest stars returns home to Fayetteville NC delivering a riveting performance in the exclusive HBO presentation J. COLE FOREST HILLS DRIVE: HOMECOMING debuting SATURDAY JAN. 9 (10:00–11:30 p.m. ET/PT). Part concert film part backstage pass the special tells his compelling life story through Cole’s own words and music and through the observations of those who know him best.  Featuring guest appearances by Jay Z and Drake J. COLE FOREST HILLS DRIVE: HOMECOMING showcases live versions of all 13 songs from his third album “2014 Forest Hills Drive.” Cole delivers a powerful performance that leaves his fans elated or in tears connecting with audiences in a way few others can. Songs from “2014 Forest Hills Drive” include “January 28th” “Wet Dreamz” “03’ Adolescence” “A Tale of 2 Citiez” “Fire Squad” “St. Tropez” “Love Yourz” “G.O.M.D.” “No Role Modelz” “Hello” and “Apparently.”
371694 It's just weeks to go to Christmas in the Brown house. The turkey is getting plucked and Grandad is getting stuffed (Or is that the other way around). Agnes is excited because her son Trevor whom she has not seen in five years has promised to pay a Christmas Visit home. However Cathy returns from her trip to America with unwelcome news but who will tell Mammy? Rory Brown is distraught because his partner Dino has tried to drown him Mark and Betty do their best to keep everybody calm while nobody is sure what to do about Winnie's big box or Granddad‘s little hamster.
"371718 ""Dolly Parton's Coat of Many Colors"" is based on the inspiring true story of living legend Dolly Parton's remarkable upbringing. This once-in-a-lifetime movie special takes place inside the tight-knit Parton family as they struggle to overcome devastating tragedy and discover the healing power of love faith and a raggedy patchwork coat that helped make Parton who she is today.  The film is set in the Tennessee Great Smoky Mountains in 1955. It is neither a biopic nor a musical about Dolly's whole life and performing career but rather a family-oriented faith-based story about the incidents in her and her family's life around the time she was nine years old."
372006 Moses und Aron is a three-act opera by Arnold Schoenberg with the third act unfinished. The 2015 Production was led by Romeo Castellucci in Paris. Moses und Aron was filmed for television by film director Franēois-René Martin in coproduction with the Paris Opera Bel air Media and Arte with support from the CNC. Moses und Aron was broadcast live on Arte concert and on the Paris Opera website on October 20th 2015 and subsequently broadcast on Arte on Ocotber 23rd 2015.
372031 The true story of one man's fight for freedom. For more than 60 years Tibetans have been fighting Chinese oppression. But their non-violent struggle appears to be in vain. Now as a new form of peaceful protest Tibetans are setting themselves on fire. Loten Namling - an exiled Tibetan and musician living in Switzerland - is deeply disturbed by such self-destructive action. So he sets off from Europe to India on a one-man mission to meet top politicians experts and young radicals. He himself becomes increasingly radical and is on the verge of violent protest. Finally he ends up at The Office of the Dalai Lama in India to seek the advice of the exiled Tibetan leader.
"372418 Rossini's ""Le Comte Ory"" tells the story of a libidinous and cunning nobleman who disguises himself first as a hermit and then as a nun in order to gain access to the virtuous Countess Adele whose brother is away at the Crusades.  The 2011 Met production was directed by Tony Award winner Bartlett Sher who presented the action as an opera within an opera updating the action by a few centuries and giving the costume designer Catherine Zuber the opportunity to create some particularly extravagant headgear. Juan Diego Florez starred as the title role while Diana Damrau plays Countess Adele and Joyce DiDonato was in breeches as his pageboy Isolier. Conducted with verve and finesse by Maurizio Benini the production also features the stylish French baritone Stephane Degout as Ory's bibulous conspirator Raimbaud charismatic Italian bass Michele Pertusi as the Count's long-suffering Tutor and formidable as Adele's housekeeper Ragonde the Swedish dramatic mezzo Susanne Resmark."
372632 30 years after the 1985 Chicago Bears ran roughshod over the rest of the NFL en route to winning the only Super Bowl title in franchise history they remain one of the most legendary teams in league history.  From their dominating defense to their swaggering offense and their firebrand of a head coach the Bears of that vintage team were a force to be reckoned with and it’s easy to see why their legacy has remained strong. Big personalities like Mike Ditka and Jim McMahon combined with the ferocious attitudes of players like Mike Singletary and Steve McMichael made for a volatile mix that ended up carrying the Bears to a 15-1 record and to an emphatic victory in Super Bowl XX.
372711 A group of Kuchi children are living in a minefield around Bagram airfield Afghanistan. They dig out anti-personal mines in order to sell the explosives to child workers mining in a Lappis Lazulli mine. The trajectory of the blue precious stones goes towards Tajikistan and China through an area controlled by child soldiers. When they are not waging their own mini-wars in the daily madness of life in Afghanistan the children are fleeing away in their personal fantasies and dreams while the American soldiers are planning their retreat...
373349 Nude men in rubber suits close-ups of erections objects shoved in the most intimate of places—these are photographs taken by Robert Mapplethorpe known by many as the most controversial photographer of the twentieth century. Openly gay Mapplethorpe took images of male sex nudity and fetish to extremes that resulted in his work still being labelled by some as pornography masquerading as art. But less talked about are the more serene yet striking portraits of flowers sculptures and perfectly framed human forms that are equally pioneering and powerful.
373441 In August 2014 a video of the public execution of American photojournalist James Foley rippled across the globe. Foley wore an orange jumpsuit as he knelt beside an ISIS militant dressed in black. That image challenged the world to deal with a new face of terror. And it tested one American family.  Seen through the lens of filmmaker Brian Oakes Foley’s close childhood friend Jim takes us from small-town New England to the adrenaline-fueled front lines of Libya and Syria where Foley pushed the limits of danger to report on the plight of civilians impacted by war.
373446 At the age of 34 former New Orleans Saints defensive back Steve Gleason was diagnosed with ALS and given a life expectancy of two to five years. Weeks later Gleason found out his wife Michel was expecting their first child. A video journal that began as a gift for his unborn son expands to chronicle Steve’s determination to get his relationships in order build a foundation to provide other ALS patients with purpose and adapt to his declining physical condition—utilizing medical technologies that offer the means to live as fully as possible.
373470 When Howard Brookner lost his life to AIDS in 1989 the 35-year-old director had completed two feature documentaries and was in post-production on his narrative debut Bloodhounds of Broadway. Twenty-five years later his nephew Aaron sets out on a quest to find the lost negative of Burroughs: The Movie his uncle's critically-acclaimed portrait of legendary author William S. Burroughs. When Aaron uncovers Howard's extensive archive in Burroughs’ bunker it not only revives the film for a new generation but also opens a vibrant window on New York City’s creative culture from the 1970s and ‘80s and inspires a wide-ranging exploration of his beloved uncle's legacy.
373481 Renowned filmmakers D A Pennebaker and Chris Hegedus follow determined animal rights activist Steven Wise into the courtroom for an unprecedented battle that seeks to utilize the writ of habeas corpus to expand legal “personhood” to include certain animals. Wise’s unusual plaintiffs—chimpanzees Tommy and Kiko once famed showbiz stars—are now living in filth struggling to survive. Wise and his impassioned legal team take us into the field revealing gripping evidence of such abuse and plunging us into the intricacies of their case as they probe preconceived notions of what it means to be a non-human animal.
373492 It had been 50 years since two Avro Lancaster bombers flew side by side. The Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum's Avro Lancaster VeRA flew from Hamilton Ontario to meet her British counterpart Thumper - the only other surviving flight worthy Lancaster bomber in the world - the RAF Battle of Britain Memorial Flight's (BBMF) Lancaster in England.  This documentary includes first-hand accounts from the men and women who experienced the war and were connected to the Lancaster. It transports the viewer back in time as they share what it was like during the Lancaster's glory days.  REUNION OF GIANTS documents this historic mission as it unfolds through the eyes of the flight crews veterans friends and family. It includes all parts in this new chapter of the bomber's history as VeRA crosses the Atlantic.
"373539 The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra at Temple Square join the Muppets® from Sesame Street® and guest vocalist Santino Fontana (the voice of Prince Hans in the popular Disney movie Frozen) in a celebration of the spirit of Christmas. Fontana makes his entrance on this beautifully produced show in a hot air balloon surrounded by large toy airplanes that drop from the ceiling as the Choir opens with the number ""The Candyman/Pocketful of Miracles."" Other standout moments are a duet with the Count and the Choir's organist Richard Elliott to the tune of ""The Twelve Days of Christmas"" a medley of songs from Sesame Street® as well as the popular ""Keep Christmas With You"" and hilarious hijinks and banter from the Muppets® from Sesame Street® throughout the show. This show is a world-class performance perfect for all ages as you celebrate the Christmas holiday."
"374062 The English progressive rocker embarks on his 2015 ""Hand Cannot Erase"" Tourwhich hits The Wiltern in Los Angeles  CA  showing for one date only on 13 Jun 2015! .  The English progressive rocker continues on his 2015 ""Hand Cannot Erase"" Tour following the release of his album of the same name in February that year. Largely known throughout rock and metal circles Wilson has seen four Grammy Awards; two with Porcupine Tree one with his collaborative band Storm Corrosion and the fourth as a soloist.  As well as co-founding the band Porcupine Tree acting as its lead guitarist singer and songwriter Wilson has also been a member of several other bands in addition to his successful solo act. Notably he has also collaborated with other rock artists including Opeth King Crimson Pendulum Anathema and Jethro Tull."
"374203 Considered one of the bad boys of SNL. David Spade has been making television and movie audiences laugh for years with his unique blend of sarcasm and wit. See where it all began with some of his most memorable moments on SNL. You'll enjoy Spade's classic characters like The Receptionist Gap Girls Don Lapre and of course the Flight Attendant wishing you a good day and ""Buh Bye"". You'll also enjoy Spade in America featuring Teri Hatcher Sean Penn and Christopher Walken. If you're a fan you won't want to miss the bonus features seen only here including audio commentary from David Spade himself and never-before-seen outtakes and dress rehearsal sketches that until now have only been seen by the studio audience."
374529 Royal Rumble 2016 was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE. It took place on January 24 2016 at Amway Center in Orlando Florida. It was the 29th event under the Royal Rumble chronology and the first WWE pay-per-view of 2016. This was the fifth Royal Rumble to be held in the state of Florida after the 1990 1991 1995 and 2006 editions. It was the second Royal Rumble in Orlando since 1990 and the first pay-per-view event at Amway Center since it opened in 2010.
374739 Abby Knight a former lawyer turned proud flower shop owner is starting over after the death of her husband with the support from her father a new business and her daughter off to college. Life is good in the peaceful town of New Chapel but when a black SUV rams her prized vintage car she’s determined to track down the driver. She begrudgingly accepts the help of a new neighbor the handsome and charming ex-Marine Marco Salvare who just bought the bar down the street.
374917 Scandinavia s fiercest warriors uncovered.  Sit back as we take an in-depth look at these ferocious sea warriors in this special from the HISTORY Channel.  Consisting of three HISTORY specials:  Foot Soldiers: The Vikings  The Vikings: Lost Worlds  and Viking Terror  This collection vividly depicts how these raiders traders explorers and settlers set sail from Denmark Norway and Sweden and how they mercilessly plundered Europe.  We ll follow a team of historical detectives who examine evidence from excavations and evaluate scientific studies and historical documents to see where the Vikings raided and what they left in their wake. In Viking Terror Green Beret Terry Schappert reveals why the Vikings have earned the title The Hells Angels of the Middle Ages and he ll test their weapons and tactics.
375211 You are thousands of years old. You have amazing powers. You have watched civilizations rise and fall. So why does no one remember any of this? Best-selling author Neil Gaiman (Marvel: 1602) is joined by superstar artist John Romita. Jr. (Amazing Spider-Man) to bring you the extraordinary tale of The Eternals. Medical student Mark Curry's world is turned upside-down when he meets Ike Harris a man who believes that he is part of a centuries-old race of super-powered beings put here on Earth by aliens to preserve and safeguard the planet — and even crazier tried to convince Mark that he is one too.
375556 In October 2014 Kentucky hard rockers Black Stone Cherry brought their 'Magic Mountain' tour to Europe taking in shows in Scandinavia Germany France Switzerland Italy Austria Belgium Ireland and the UK. This show from Birmingham's LG Arena was filmed on October 30th. The setlist features tracks from all four of their albums and includes all of their best known songs. Black Stone Cherry continue the long tradition of Southern Rock bands being great concert performers and have built a real affinity with their European fans in particular. Here in Birmingham they once again deliver a scorching live show.
375601 Rupert Graham (J Paul Nicholas) never much questioned his existence. His life was a pragmatic 3D reality one where day to day work ruled and big dreams were long dead. There was no point in looking upward or inward. It was all in front of your face.  But when his Shaman grandfather (Victor Pagan) dies Rupert begins to have odd dreams visions odd synchronicities. His psychiatrist (JIm Lavin) tells him they are a problem and they attempt to medicate it all away. Until he meets psychedelic researcher Dr. Ken Rennet who tells him to embrace it all. Rupert sets off on a inward journey and must struggle between the fear and the wonder (and the sabotaging efforts of Dr Rennet's egomaniac computer A.I. Syd (voiced by Trace Beaulieu of Mystery Science Theatre 3000 Cinematic Titanic) It becomes a race between pharmaceutical dependence and psychedelic sanity.
375670 The final video component is “Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band: The River Tour Tempe 1980” a new film produced from footage professionally filmed in 1980 using four cameras and recorded in multitrack audio. The film features 24 songs — 2 hours 40 minutes — on 2 DVDs from Springsteen’s November 5 1980 concert at Arizona State University in Tempe AZ. Widely regarded as one of Springsteen’s finest performances this intense show features early live versions of over half of ‘The River’ songs.
375882 Grandma Zohara occupies a special role within the Moroccan community within Israel. By cradling an object brought to her by her clients Grandma Zohara gains access to the family's past through her dreams. This allows her to advise families on future decisions. Lately however Grandma Zohara is tiring and begins searching for someone to take over this role. She discovers that the only other person endowed with the power of dreaming is her daughter Simone who has different plans for her future. With support of Simone's sister Fanny who arrives unexpectedly from Paris Simon gathers the strength to resist her mother's pressure and to pursue her own desire. Together the sisters wage battle for Simone's independence and creativity.
376196 DVD release of the first 15 episodes of the TV series Monsters Vs Aliens.  The series picks up after the events in the Monsters vs. Aliens film. Team Monster are hanging out relaxing at their headquarters Area Fifty-Something when another alien spaceship arrives. While trying to calm the hysterical President Hathaway General W.R. Monger and the gang soon determine that the spaceship contains the alien Coverton. He says he wants to make peace with Earth but may be in cahoots with another alien on a not-too-friendly mission. Coverton and his naughty antics feature in all of the disc’s episodes.
376225 A theatrical compilation of new animated shorts including:  The Story of Percival Pilts (Janette Goodey & John Lewis Australia/New Zealand);  Tant de forest (Geoffrey Godet & Burcu Sankur France); Snowfall (Conor Whelan Ireland); The Ballad of Holland Island House (Lynn Tomlinson U.S.); Behind the Trees (Amanda Palmer and Avi Ofer U.S.); We Can't Live Without Cosmos (Konstantin Bronzit Russia); Messages Dans L'Air (Isabel Favez Switzerland); Stripy (Babak Nekooei & Behnoud Nekooei Iran); Ascension (Thomas Bourdis Martin de Coudenhove Caroline Domergue Colin Laubry & Florian Vecchione France); Love In The Time of March Madness (Melissa Johnson and Robertino Zambrano U.S. & Australia); World of Tomorrow (Don Hertzfeldt U.S.)
376233 At three years old a chatty energetic little boy named Owen Suskind ceased to speak disappearing into autism with apparently no way out. Almost four years passed and the only stimuli that engaged Owen were Disney films. Then one day his father donned a puppet—Iago the wisecracking parrot from Aladdin—and asked “what’s it like to be you?” And poof! Owen replied with dialogue from the movie. Life Animated tells the remarkable story of how Owen found in Disney animation a pathway to language and a framework for making sense of the world.
376256 On a remote patch of the Mojave Desert amidst dusty tumbleweeds and rangy Joshua Trees sits an anomaly: a high school where educators believe empathy life skills and the constancy of a caring adult are the differences that will give at-risk students command of their fates. On any given day principal Vonda Viland calls kids at the crack of dawn to see if they’ll make it to school. And if they need a ride? Well she’ll pick them up. Vonda knows each student’s challenges and coaches them tirelessly never fostering false hopes. Her philosophy combines loving compassion with realism and given her school’s rising graduation rate it seems to be working.
376338 What can you build with a grand and a month?  The Dirtbag Challenge is an event that takes place every year in San Francisco.  It’s a grass roots low budget chopper build-off and party and besides being a contest it's also a concept: if you want a bad-ass motorcycle then go and build yourself a bad-ass motorcycle.  The event is popular for its burgers broads beer and burnouts. But what about the builders? Dirtbag is different things to different people. Meet the builders of the Dirtbag Challenge and witness the talent and passion that goes into the birth of their one of a kind creations.
376387 The danger is palpable as intrepid young filmmaker Nanfu Wang follows maverick activist Ye Haiyan (a.k.a Hooligan Sparrow) and her band of colleagues to Hainan Province in southern China to protest the case of six elementary school girls who were sexually abused by their principal. Marked as enemies of the state the activists are under constant government surveillance and face interrogation harassment and imprisonment. Sparrow who gained notoriety with her advocacy work for sex workers’ rights continues to champion girls’ and women’s rights and arms herself with the power and reach of social media.
376390 In the nearly 50 years since Israel's decisive victory in the 1967 Six-Day War hundreds of thousands of Israeli citizens have established expanding communities in the occupied territories of the West Bank. Frequently coming into direct conflict with the region's Palestinian inhabitants and facing the condemnation of the international community the settlers have been viewed by some as the righteous vanguard of modern Zionism and by others as overzealous squatters who are the greatest impediment to the possibility of peace in the region.
376489 IN LIMBO s a documentary essay that questions the world of memory that we are all building through the everyday digitization of our lives and our environment. The voice of a mysterious spirit (embodied by Nancy Huston) wakes up in the maze of data centers which makes up the global network. As though there were nothing left on Earth but this huge machine still running. Diving into her memory she is fascinated by the strange life that lies within inhabited by ghostly characters (the Internet's founding fathers Google CEOs digital librarians etc). Enchanted by the promises of this world she abandons herself into it. Pure soul she wanders through this after-life attempting to once more experience the essence of nostalgia.
376519 A celebration of Dr. Maya Angelou by weaving her words with rare and intimate archival photographs and videos which paint hidden moments of her exuberant life during some of America’s most defining civil rights moments. From her upbringing in the Depression-era South to her swinging soirees with Malcolm X in Ghana to her inaugural speech for President Bill Clinton we are given special access to interviews with Dr. Angelou whose indelible charm and quick wit make it easy to love her.
376528 Highlighting one of the most innovative American directors this film reveals the path traveled by the auteur from his small-town Texas roots to his warm reception on the awards circuit. Long before he directed Boyhood Richard Linklater’s intense desire to create fueled his work outside the Hollywood system. Rather than leave Texas he chose to collaborate with like-minded artists crafting modest low-budget films in a DIY style. His ability to showcase realistic characters and tell honest stories was evident from his films and others soon took notice of his raw talent.
376562 We live at a moment in time when the Israeli-Palestinian conflict now more than a century old continues to be of overwhelming international political and societal importance. From its inception that conflict has also of course had powerful and deeply troubling consequences for Israelis and Palestinians themselves. The story at its most basic level is one that involves two peoples struggling for national recognition and expression in a small but richly significant piece of land. The tragedy of this history as both the Israeli novelist Amos Oz and the Palestinian scholar Sari Nusseibeh have each pointed out stems from a conflict between the rights of two peoples with equal and legitimate aspirations to nationhood and self-expression in a single small territory to which they can both lay claim.
376651 Since he was 5 yrs old Jose's abuelita taught him to play chess like his grandfather who was a champion in Mexico. Now as part of the Brownsville school team Jose has the chance to use his skills and for once in his life finds himself in the spotlight as he tries to help his team make it to the Texas state finals. As their coach Mr. Alvarado teaches his students the meaning of perseverance and team effort in the face of adversity Jose discovers his own strengths and uses them to bring his broken family together.
376669 He's the deadliest weapon on the battlefield but his next shot could be his last. Outnumbered - Outgunned - Behind enemy lines - What happens when the tables are turned and the hunter becomes the hunted? This is SNIPER: DEADLIEST MISSIONS. From the treacherous jungles of Vietnam and the bloody war zones of Iraq to danger high in the skies of the Alaskan wilderness this two-hour special puts you behind the scope with the men who pulled the trigger on some of the deadliest missions in military and law enforcement history. Gripping firsthand accounts 3-D graphics and jaw-dropping shooting demonstrations take you inside the shadowy world of top snipers and the missions that made them living legends. Outmanned and out-gunned - will the next shot be their last?
376702 Adam’s Passion is the moving first collaboration between two “masters of slow motion who harmonize perfectly with each other” (Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung). In the spectacular setting of a former submarine factory American director and universal artist Robert Wilson creates a poetic visual world in which the mystical musical language of the Estonian composer Arvo Pärt can cast its meditative spell. Three of Pärt’s major works – Adam’s Lament Tabula rasa and Miserere as well as Sequentia a new work composed especially for this production – are brought together here using light space and movement to create a tightly-woven Gesamtkunstwerk in which the artistic visions of these two great artists mirror each other.
"376765 This Final Performance Tribute began on Les Paul's 90th birthday when luminaries from the musical world gathered to celebrate at New York's historic Iridium Jazz Club. Les and friends jammed every Monday for the next four years until the legend left us. Great moments from many of those cool sessions are presented in this tribute to the man who created a sonic boom with the solid-body electric guitar. About the Collector's Edition: Les jams live with special guests like Keith Richards Steve Miller and José Feliciano. Musical luminaries Bonnie Raitt Tony Bennett Sonya Hensley and others share their thoughts on Les. Includes 23 songs played by Les like ""Tennessee Waltz"" ""Route 66"" ""Back Home Again in Indiana"" and the original rendition of ""How High the Moon"" with wife Mary Ford."
376924 Jethro Live 2015 – What Happened Was…  The West Country’s greatest ever spinner of madness and mirth JETHRO is back and live for the first time in 4 years and for the last time ever.  Filmed on one special night in Summer 2015 at Yeovil’s Octagon Theatre What Happened Was… is a celebration of Jethro’s forty years as one of the great joke-masters of all time.  Jethro Live Bonus In response to endless requests Jethro finally revisits some of the favourite gags and stories – as voted for by YOU the fans – that have made him one of the UK’s best loved comedians along with new gags twists and added surprises along the way.
376988 In the Jaintia Hills of Northeast India boys and men descend into the abyss of the 'rat-holes' to scratch coal out of hard rock with nothing more than a pickaxe and a head-torch. One of them is Suraj an 11-year old boy. Born in the mines to Nepali immigrants Suraj cherishes the hope of getting out of the coal-pit someday. With his mother no more an unsupportive father and no place he can call home the odds are stacked against him. And yet he battles to eventually put himself in school. The film follows Suraj through his tumultuous journey while revealing startling stories and lives under unusual - perhaps extraordinary - circumstances.
377403 With over 300 million firearms the U.S. holds the highest rate of gun ownership per capita in the world. Meanwhile with each gun-related tragedy the question remains whether to regulate or to arm. Increasing demand illegal distribution and emerging 3D technologies threaten to upend the traditional debate of gun control. As discussed in interviews from Austin to Grand Rapids Denver to New York City NO CONTROL seeks to address the efficacy of gun laws and the ongoing debate between personal freedom and public safety in a candid discussion of one of the most complex contentious issues in American history.
377438 Sleaford Mods - Invisible Britain shows the most exciting and uncompromising British band in years sticking two fingers up to the zeitgeist and articulating the rage and desperation of those without a voice in austerity Britain. The film follows Sleaford Mods on a tour of the UK in the run up to the 2015 General Election visiting the neglected broken down and boarded up parts of the country that many would prefer to ignore. Part band doc part look at the state of the nation the documentary features individuals and communities attempting to find hope among the ruins against a blistering soundtrack by Sleaford Mods.
377474 After a violent incident in Lucy's public school her atheist parents Stuart and Alison decide to find her a safe 'traditional' school. The only one they can afford is St. Mary of the Veil run by nuns whose 'preference' for Catholic families is de facto exclusivity given the waiting list. So they pose as devout and get his murky mate Eddie to find them a priest they can 'bribe' for a parish reference while Lucy is genuinely converted. It works but when Stuart overhears a dark secret things take a tragic turn.
377752 Documentary about a bankrupt Jordanian entrepreneur and an unemployed Irish actress who hatch a plan to scam £2.5m off the British taxman by faking the production of a £20m movie. But they are found out arrested and then bailed. While out on bail they decide to prove their innocence by actually making a film. They hire a former nightclub bouncer now a self-made micro-budget gangster film director. In 2011 Paul Knight makes their movie for under £100000 with a cast of soap and gangster movie stars including Danny Midwinter Marc Bannerman and Loose Women's Andrea McLean. The film's title is A Landscape of Lies. But the cinematic alibi does not convince the jury when the trial runs in 2013. The producers are convicted of tax fraud and given long sentences.
"378199 A portrait of the Israeli people told through food. We shot in fine restaurants in home kitchens wineries cheese makers on the street and much more. Americans see Israelis and Palestinians as always in conflict. Those are not the people of Israel for the most part. ""The Search for Israeli Cuisine"" will show the 70+ cultures that make up the Israeli people each with wonderful and unique food traditions. Israel has one of the hottest food scenes in the world. Getting into restaurants in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem is as difficult as New York or San Francisco. Viewers will be amazed and impressed."
"378209 The heart of Ireland beats strongly throughout The Destiny Tour which features an entirely new production with many songs from Destiny. As the country commemorates the events of 100 years ago that led to the nation's independence Celtic Woman offers a rousing version of ""Óró sé do bheatha 'bhaile"" an anthem closely connected with the 1916 uprising. The all female ensemble also delivers other timeless traditional Irish songs such as ""Bean Phįidķn"" and ""Siśil A Run"" highlighting the beauty of Ireland's heritage and its Gaelic language. Alongside newer songs such as ""Walk Beside Me"" and ""The Whole Of The Moon"" the show also features reimagined renditions of audience favorites ""Amazing Grace"" and ""You Raise Me Up."""
378373 The way of the eagle is to raise two chicks. The stronger is destined always to throw the weaker from the nest. Man also has his ways often to hurt those closest to him.  Lukas suffers at the hands of a father who has withdrawn since the loss of his wife. Killed whilst rescuing the infant Lukas the boy now carries the burden of her death.  Our eagle’s story begins in the nest. The first-born chick pushes his weaker brother to a certain death on the forest floor. But fate intervenes and the chick is found by Lukas. Naming him Abel Lukas cares for the creature in secret finding a love and companionship denied to him at home. But when the day comes to release Abel back into the wild will Lukas find his own release into a new life?
"378385 Corporal Evan Albright joined the elite Marine Corps Security Guards to save the world and see some action-not necessarily in that order. But his first assignment protecting a U. S. Embassy in a seemingly safe Middle Eastern capitol relegates his unit to wrangling ""gate groupies"" protesting outside the compound and honing their marksmanship by playing video games. So Albright and his team are caught off guard when well-armed and well-trained militants launch a surprise attack aimed at killing an informant in the embassy. Heavily out-gunned they will have to muster all the courage and fire power they can as their once routine assignment spirals into all-out war."
"378844 The Best Of The Johnny Cash Show 1969-1971 collects some of the top performances from the man in black's television show. If you're unfamiliar with the show all you need to know is that it features Cash his wife June Carter and artists like Bob Dylan Joni Mitchell George Jones Neil Young Creedance Clearwater Revival Loretta Lynn Ray Charles and Roy Orbison performing some of their classic hits. Both as individuals and occasionally as duets with their host Cash.  Highlights include Cash's opening ""I Walk The Line"" young Bob Dylan's ""I Threw It All Away"" George Jones' ""She Thinks I Still Care"" Neil Young's ""The Needle &amp; The Damage Done"" CCR's ""Bad Moon Rising"" Loretta Lynn's ""I Know How"" and Cash's rousing finale of ""A Boy Named Sue""."
379546 In early 1963 Toots Mondt and Vincent J. McMahon seceded from the governance of the NWA and formed a company called the WWWF. And shortly thereafter they would crown their champion and hang the fortune of their venture on him. That man will be your guide for a journey back to 1963 and the formative years of the WWWF up through 1969.  Bruno Sammartino was selling out houses all across the northeast for the period and he was privy to all the inner workings of the company. Now join him as he fills you in on all the power players power plays and the names and events of the 1960s in WWE! At last here is this long-awaited edition of the Timeline series to place in the first slot on your Timeline shelf!
379727 The Ric Flair phenomenon wasn't turning out to be what Vince had hoped it would be and five names were put on a list to be the new flag-bearer for the world's largest wrestling federation. And one of those names is here to take you back to a troubled time in WWE history but a great time for himself.  The Excellence of Execution himself Bret Hart joins us for a journey back to the year he became the World Heavyweight Champion and took of on a singles journey that truly made him a pro wrestling legend.  Its a tough time in WWE as scandals are surfacing and sending the business on a downturn. The kid-friendly product is being hampered by allegations of sexual misconduct and steroid use. But Bret would be the breakout star and deliver what juiced up monsters could no longer.
379735 The edgy dark product that was gracing WWE TV in the mid-90s gave birth to a towel wearing adult film character named Val Venis. The man behind that character was Sean Morley and the year 1999 would see a high-point for Val…as he won the Intercontinental title.  But celebration would be short lived as a parents’ group trained their crosshairs on the risque product and the “Right to Censor” angle was born. The porn star was gone and the new clothes just didn’t fit Morley or his aspirations. We go back to another year in the TIMELINE!!!
379736 The new millenium is upon us and the WWE machine is cranking out product as fast and furiously as ever. The federation is loaded with big names and big ideas…like the WWE Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas…well besides that one!  Rikishi was working near the top of the card for the better part of the year winning the IC title in 2000. And now he walks you through the entire year month-by-month. Hear about Rock Triple H Stephanie Linda Vinnie Mac and the whole gang as Timeline tackles Y2K!
379757 The venerable manager of the Four Horsemen and trusted WCW office member JJ Dillon is the next star to jump in the Kayfabe Commentaries time machine. The time the year is 1988 in WCW and Ted Turner is about to step in and buy the company from the Crockett family. They're beginning to feel the battle wounds as WWE and WCW begin running big events against each other. The war is in high gear.  J.J. Dillon takes us inside the company and also inside the office as he was working for the Crocketts there as well. Hear how torn he was as Arn and Tully his benchmark Horsemen benchmark jump to the WWE. A star is born as Sting main events against Flair. But did he ever really 'have it?'
379832 Truck mechanic husband and father of two Eddie Hall wants to be the World's Strongest Man. This feature documentary vividly illustrates the sacrifices that this extremely driven man must make to chase his dream. He will stop at nothing. He trains eats sleeps and breathes strongman competing all over the world and breaking records. He faces not only gargantuan competitors but his own inner demons as he strives to leave behind the scars of his teenage years. This film gets under the skin of a man totally dedicated to becoming the greatest and offers an engrossing snapshot of an unforgettable character Eddie - Strongman.
379864 A clenched fist which at a furious pace colours a white piece of paper totally black with a piece of charcoal against a thundering choral work is a sight that will stay with you together with the young children's angelic faces. The city Birobidja is located in Oblast which was created in 1934 by Stalin himself as an independent state for communist Jews in the far eastern part of the Soviet Union. Over time it became a thriving haven for Jews from all parts of the world but today they are only a disappearing minority in a culture on the brink of disintegration. Even if Oblast is still the only recognised Jewish state outside Israel. You sense the presence of the past in the spaces and landscapes in every moment and in every dark and atmospheric image of Hinant's at once humble and monumentally ambitious film opus. An experience you should treat yourself to see on the big screen.
"379924 Two American filmmakers travel undercover in China and Tibet during one of the most precarious times in the country's recent history. Their journey begins in hot-bed areas of Tibetan activism in India and Nepal before continuing into the most closed off regions of Tibet during the full scale media blackout that began in 2008 and continues to this day. Their goal is to meet with leading Tibetan activists who are risking their lives to peacefully protest against oppression by the Chinese government's police state in a region kept ""in the dark"". Traveling undercover a dangerous cat-and-mouse game unfolds as secret police maintain 24 hour surveillance of the filmmakers. Unable to document their intended subjects they are forced to turn the cameras on themselves as they become the targets. All their moves are followed leading to hotel break-ins equipment theft and cyber-hacking and spying - ultimately putting the filmmakers' very lives in danger. Forced to flee and return to the US."
379948 A re-cut version of the 1999 debut feature from writer/director Justin Kerrigan which focuses on one wild weekend in Cardiff. A group of five friends escape the drab mundanity of daily existence and sample a hedonistic cocktail of drugs clubs and sex. Jip (John Simm) is a twenty-something shop worker Lulu (Lorraine Pilkington) is a full-on clubber Moff (Danny Dyer) is a chilled-out dope dealer who also happens to be the son of a policeman whilst Koop (Shaun Parkes) works in a record shop and gets increasingly paranoid that someone will steal his girlfriend Nina (Nicola Reynolds). Together the five friends move from nightclubs to parties getting more and more stoned as the night progresses. The soundtrack features club favourites by Fat Boy Slim Underworld and Primal Scream.
380045 “For decades they have lain dormant waiting for the opportunity to rise again. Now they have returned…AND THEY WILL CONSUME YOU!”  TRAILER TRAUMA is an unprecedented orgy of sex violence and insanity: over 2 hours of rare ridiculous horrific and mind boggling movie previews many of which are previously unreleased on DVD or VHS. Never before have cinema-goers seen such an onslaught of pulse-pounding excitement! Thrill to the action of BLACK FIST IRON MASTER and KILL! KILL! KILL! KILL! Quiver in horror as you face the DAWN OF THE MUMMY the REVENGE OF THE LIVING ZOMBIES and the INCREDIBLE TORTURE SHOW! Scratch your head at the utter absurdity of DEATH BED MUTANT WAR and NO RETREAT NO SURRENDER! There are other movie preview compilation discs out there but only TRAILER TRAUMA contains the ultra-rare titles that you absolutely will not find anywhere else. Prepare yourselves connoisseurs of cult cinema: TRAILER TRAUMA is going to hurt...but it hurts so good!
380088 A deadly meteor storm has been labeled a one-time celestial occurrence but astrophysicist Steve Thomas believes something worse is yet to come. After discovering his asteroid tracking satellite is secretly being used for military surveillance Steve leaks the truth to the press and it costs him his reputation his job and his friends. With the backlash of being a whistle-blower the pressure threatens to tear his family apart just when Steve discovers a threat to the entire planet: a giant dark asteroid invisible to current detection systems will soon strike the Earth. Barred from using his own satellite to prove the asteroid's existence Steve is forced to work in the shadows in a desperate attempt to save humanity.
"380097 1971 post civil rights San Francisco seemed like the perfect place for a black Korean War veteran and his family to realize their dream of economic independence and a chance for him to be his own boss. Charlie Walker would soon find out how naive he was. In a city full of impostors and naysayers he refused to take ""No"" for an answer. That is until a catastrophic disaster opened a door that had never been open to a black man before. This is a story about what happened when he stepped through that door with both feet."
380162 Live from the Royal Opera 2008. David McVicar’s powerful 2008 production of Strauss's opera – based on a play by Oscar Wilde – takes the controversial and disturbing film 120 Days of Sodom as its visual reference. The action is set in a debauched palace which has suggestions of Nazi Germany. Strauss’s ravishing and voluptuous score adds to the sexual alchemy that is conjured by an international cast led by Nadja Michael in the title role. Salome is filmed for the big screen with High Definition cameras and recorded in true surround sound.
380208 Introduced by Jean Butler The Best of Riverdance brings together the stunning highlights and classic performances from the show filmed at various international venues over the previous 10 years. This special compilation The Best of Riverdance features performances from the various Riverdance Troupes who have taken the show to the four corners of the world. Highlights include: Reel Around the Sun performed by Michael Flatley and the Riverdance Troupe at the Poin Theatre in Dublin Countess Cathleen performed by Joanne Doyle and the Riverdance Troup in Geneva Thunderstorm performed by Pat Roddy and the Riverdance Troup in Radio City Music Hall New York Heartland performed by Jean Butler and Michael Flatley at the Point Theatre and a very special compilation performance of Riverdance featuring the talents of the shows lead dancers over the past ten years.
"380466 This must-have animation collection ""Looney Tunes Super Stars: Daffy Duck: Frustrated Fowl"" (2010) is filled with shorts that have been released on disc before and will delight any Looney Tunes fans. Episodes include ""Tick Tock Tuckered"" ""Nasty Quacks"" Chuck Jones's ""Daffy Dilly"" (1948) ""Wise Quackers"" ""The Prize Pest"" ""Design for Leaving"" ""Stork Naked"" ""This is a Life?"" (1955) ""Dime to Retire"" ""Ducking the Devil"" ""People Are Bunny"" (1959) ""Person to Bunny"" (1960) ""Daffy's Inn Trouble"" ""The Iceman Ducketh"" and ""Suppressed Duck"" (1965)."
380479 In the time it takes to read this sentence Road Runner could have whisked this DVD from your hand and left you holding a sizzling cartoon stick of Acme dynamite - many time over! The chase is on and so is the fun with 15 cartoons - 12 never before on DVD - in which forever frustrated (bust never defeated) Wile E. Coyote busts out his array of gizmos to ensnare the highly sought after (but never captured) Ultra-Sonicus Ad Infinitum aka Road Runner. Among the whatzitz - many from Acme Products that fine purveyor of mail-order supplies - used by Grotesques Appetitus in this pursuit of very fast good are skateboards skyrockets a Spy Kit invisible paint suction cups and lightning bolts. Catch comedy cartoon lightning here. Beep-beep!
"380482 Sniffing around for di-stink-tly hilarious animated antics? You're in luck ma cherie! You hold in your hands a nose-crinkling collection of cartoons starring the most malodorous mammal ever to go lookin' for l'amour with all the wrong species: Pepe Le Pew! Including 14 shorts never before seen on video or DVD these 17 tres aromatique outings feature the love-struck skunk falling hard for felines canines and - sacre maroon! - the occasional fur coat! in Dog Pounded our powerfully perfumed protagonist co stars with Tweets and Sylvester. Then there's Pepe's Academy Award-winning tour de farce in For Scent-imental Reasons (The rumor his Oscar was made from Le Pew-ter is unconfirmed). And that's just a whiff of the richly fragrant fun you'll have watching ""ze locksmith of love"" in action: the one-and-olfactory Pepe Le Pew!"
380514 He may be short pink and pants-less but when it comes to animated superstardom Porky Pig proves: the sty's the limit! Now remastered to pristine make-your-eyeballs-bug-out condition these 18 landmark Looney Toons spotlight Porky and pals in a plentitude of porcine cartoon perfection including Pilgrim Porky's half-baked attempt to put duck on his Thanksgiving menu (Tom Turk and Daffy) followed by Porky as a wildly wacky wagon train scout (Wagon Heels). Then there's Porky's ham-handed scheme to thwart a ravenous rodent with a robot cat (Mouse Menace) and our piggy protagonist as a clueless cop trying to evict vagrant Daffy from his department store digs (Riff Raffy Daffy). And th-th-th that's NOT all folks! There's further fun afoot with Porky Elmer Fudd Bunny and Claude and more in these swine-sational classics from animation's Golden Age!
"380519 From the moment they teamed up the endlessly-persistent Sylvester J. Pussycat Sr. and the hyperactive young kangaroo Hippety Hopper would go on to became one of Warner Bros. most reliably hilarious animated duos. Now together for the first time on DVD it's the best of the failure-prone feline and spring-loaded little marsupial in 18 classic cartoons re-mastered to all their Golden-Age-of-Animation glory! Featuring 17 shorts never-before-seen on DVD these timeless cat vs ""giant mouse"" gems include Sylvester's riotous pursuit of Hippety after the 'roo escapes the zoo in Hop Look and Listen Sylvester's hapless attempts to impress his son Sylvester Jr. in Pop 'Im Pop! and the acclaimed Hoppy-Go-Lucky a brilliant send-up of John Steinbeck's classic Of Mice and Men. And that's just the beginning of the bounding bouncing cat-confounding fun in this cartoon cornucopia from the heyday of Warner Bros. animation!"
381024 The never-before-told story of the Brotherhood of Eternal Love – a spiritual group of surfers and hippies in Southern California that became the largest suppliers of psychedelic drugs in the world during the 1960s and early 1970s. Bonded by their dreams to fight social injustice and spread peace this unlikely band of free-spirited idealists quickly transformed into a drug-smuggling empire and at the same time inadvertently invented the modern illegal drug trade. At the head of the Brotherhood and the heart of this story is the anti-capitalistic husband and wife team who made it their mission to change the world through LSD.
381034 Fifteen-year old John Cleaver is dangerous and he knows it. He’s obsessed with serial killers but really doesn’t want to become one. Terrible impulses constantly tempt him so for his own sake and the safety of those around he lives by rigid rules to keep himself “good” and “normal”. However when a real monster shows up in his town he has to let his dark side out in order to stop it – but without his rules to keep him in check he might be more dangerous than the monster he’s trying to kill.
381041 Todd grew up under the strange shadow of his older mentally challenged brother Shonzi. As kids Shonzi forced Todd to make action movies. As adults he pressures him to share love life details even showing Shonzi a sex tape he made with an old girlfriend to help him cope when family tragedy hits. When their dad suffers a heart attack Shonzi (now 40 and still a virgin) moves in with Todd and his new girlfriend Lindsay. Shonzi wants desperately to be included in their relationship like old times. When Shonzi’s begging become threats to reveal secrets from their past Todd must find the courage to be honest with Lindsay even if it means the end of their relationship.
381044 THE BANDIT is a film about 70s superstar Burt Reynolds his best friend roommate and stunt-double Hal Needham and the making of their unlikely smash-hit SMOKEY &amp; THE BANDIT. The film tells the action-packed story of the making of SMOKEY while tracing the vivid personal journeys of Reynolds and Needham from obscurity to stardom and highlighting one of the most extraordinary relationships in Hollywood history. Featuring new interviews with Reynolds rare archive material including footage from Reynolds’ personal archive as well as candid interviews with the late Hal Needham the documentary tells an exhilarating and moving story about loyalty friendship and creative risk.
"381078 Jack White and T Bone Burnett invite today’s greatest artists to test their skills against the long-lost machine that recorded their musical idols and forebears. The producers have over a decade rebuilt a 1920s recording system timed by a weight-driven system of clockwork gears. Stripped of the comforts and security of modern technology Nas Elton John Alabama Shakes Steve Martin Willie Nelson and Merle Haggard are among the artists who have three minutes and one chance to get their music etched into a revolving wax disc before the weight hits the floor. The results are career defining performances and the very definition of ""Lighting In A Bottle""."
381081 James Lavelle played his first DJ set at 14 launched pioneering record label Mo'Wax at 18 and released the genre defining UNKLE album Psyence Fiction at 22. His phenomenally rapid rise seemed limitless but it's only when you're going so fast that the wheels fall off.  The Man from Mo’Wax tells the remarkable story of one of the most enigmatic yet influential figures in contemporary British culture. Unearthed from over 700 hours of footage including exclusive personal archive spanning three decades we get the rare opportunity to watch a boy become a man in the world of music.  The result is an exhilarating no holds-barred ride into the life of an extraordinary man and an equally extraordinary era taking in some decidedly flawed decision-making (both personal and professional) Lavelle emerges as an innovative artist who thinks big and consistently overcomes adversity.
381088 The post-70’s explosion of independent music in America has many traceable roots each with a compelling story. One of its most significant has never been told until now. Drawing on never-before-seen archival footage in-depth-interviews with musicians and producers and a mighty soundtrack THE SMART STUDIOS STORY reveals the pivotal Midwest link to the global rise of 1990's Alternative Rock and the unassuming Madison Wisconsin recording studio at its center. If you’ve ever been touched by the music of Nirvana Smashing Pumpkins Garbage L7 or their peers you’ve been touched by the music created at Smart Studios the legendary recording facility founded by Butch Vig and Steve Marker.
381240 Nychos is an illustrator Urban Art- and Graffiti artist who became known with his street concept RABBIT EYE MOVEMENT (REM) 10 years ago. The icon of the movement is a white rabbit which has been breeding since then and has been popping up in the streets all over the globe for the past decade. This is exactly what Nychos thrives for – he travels the world to spread his art and his REM concept. Within the last two years Nychos was accompanied by filmmaker Christian Fischer who recorded these journeys to create a full lenght movie. ”The Deepest Depths Of The Burrow” is a documentary about art lifestyle and subculture.
381275 German American artist Eva Hesse (1936 – 1970) created her innovative art in latex and fiberglass in the whirling aesthetic vortex of 1960s New York. Her flowing forms were in part a reaction to the rigid structures of then-popular minimalism a male-dominated movement. Hesse’s complicated personal life encompassed not only a chaotic 1930s Germany but also illness and the immigrant culture of New York in the 1940s. One of the twentieth century’s most intriguing artists she finally receives her due in this film an emotionally gripping journey with a gifted woman of great courage.
381491 By 1314 through effort and intrigue Scottish King Robert Bruce had captured every major English-held castle except Stirling. Now English King Edward II would try to stop him - and subdue the Scottish rebellion forever.  This is the story of the pivotal campaign culminating at the decisive Battle of Bannockburn in the shadow of Stirling Castle.  Today as Scotland contemplates a countdown to a referendum for renewed Scottish independence we search the hearts and minds of the characters whose efforts at the Battle of Bannockburn would build a nation.  Filmed in the style of 300 and Sin City and with intense and bloody battle scenes we bring to life one of the most iconic times in Scottish history.
381495 Never-before-seen video footage of Guns N' Roses in their formative years and how they climbed the charts from the gutters of Hollywood's Sunset Strip. The film tells the story of how the band came from playing bars on the Sunset Strip in Los Angeles to stadiums across the world and has been compiled from a host of exclusive interviews and the early footage of GNR fan and friend Marc Canter.  Interview subjects include Slash drummer Steven Adler former manager Vicky Hamilton Whisky A Go Go owner Mario Maglieri.  Marc Canter has also said there is a full-cinema biopic (with actors) in the works.
381738 Winger Live is a two CD and DVD live set culled from Winger 2007 US reunion tour and directed by Jack Edward Sawyers. Kip Winger Reb Beach Rod Morgenstein and John Roth rip through all the hits progressive jams and new material taken from their comeback album IV. Keyboardist Cenk Eroglu was not present for this show despite his appearance on IV. The concert was recorded live straight through with no interruptions at the Galaxy Concert Theater in Santa Ana California.
381778 Adam is a 22 year old New Zealand born Samoan guy who falls for Mary. On a 'chance' encounter he learns that Mary only wants to go out with a 'real island guy' - not a plastic one.  Adam realizes that to get rid of his 'plastic' ways and impress Mary he'll have to travel to Samoa and have his cousins teach him how to be a real island guy.  Three Wise Cousins is a feature length comedy that will have you laughing from start to end; it's a film unlike any other that will surprise you with it's endless amount of 'wisdom'.
381950 Walt Disney one of the ultimate dreamers used his uninhibited imagination and determination to create what became the springboard for all of the Walt Disney Company's spirited and wildly successful creativity that followed -- his crowning achievement: Disneyland.  Acclaimed actor Harrison Ford who portrays Han Solo in the Star Wars film franchise will give viewers an exclusive preview of Star Wars-themed lands being developed at Disneyland and Walt Disney World Resorts. New details of the ambitious plans to bring Star Wars to life at both resorts will be revealed during the show with Master of Ceremonies Derek Hough.
381982 A people's struggle to save the animal at the heart of their culture. For centuries the Bunong indigenous people on the Cambodian-Vietnamese border lived with elephants believing they shared the same destiny. Today as the forests and rivers both man and animal depend on are threatened their fates seem even more inseparable. Last of the Elephant Men follows over a period of time several members of the tribe as they attempt to save the animal that once defined their way of life and may hold the key to their own survival.
382105 A road trip with your best friends - the ultimate way to spend your holidays! That's certainly what Bobby Shannon and the gang thought when they set off on an adventure of a lifetime. But when their truck breaks down in the middle of night in the middle of nowhere without phone signal they have no option to but to seek refuge in a creepy old mansion. Welcomed to spend the night by the brother and sister who live alone in the old house - very strange things begin to occur! As the local cops don't seem to want to help and are equally as odd as the gang's brother and sister hosts - the five friends have to keep their wits and sanity about them and hatch an ingenious plan as the road-trip adventure rapidly turns into whirlwind of spooks and crazy mysterious goings-on.
"382121 During the Exodus one of the most famous miracles of the Old Testament took place. More than 3000 years have passed since Moses led two million Israelites across the Red Sea and out of the bondage of Egypt. Christians Jews and Muslims throughout the world still embrace the accounts of this remarkable event. It is an epic that so fascinated Hollywood director Cecil B. DeMille that he made THE TEN COMMANDMENTS twice. Now THE EXODUS REVEALED follows the footsteps of the children of Israel in an unforgettable journey of discovery. A journey that reveals physical evidence for the Exodus including: the remains of 3800 year old Hebrew settlements in Egypt's Nile Delta; Egyptian records of the Israelites bondage under Pharaoh; the precise route they may have followed to freedom; their crossing site on the shore of the Red Sea; and the location of Mt. Sinai. THE EXODUS REVEALED brings to light the first significant archaeological ""find"" of the 21st century."
382213 Lilly Singh YouTube's iisuperwomanii brings her happy place to life in an ambitious 27 city world tour where she hand delivers an inspirational message to her 7+ million fans while learning what it takes to become a world class live entertainer and boss.  This feature-length movie gives fans an extraordinary look inside the life and journey of Lilly Singh as she embarks on a challenging 26-city global tour where she has to remember to practice what she preaches: happiness is the only thing worth fighting for.
382246 The first showdown pairs Green Lantern and The Flash against Gorilla Grodd an evil genius primate with a mind-controlling device and a vendetta against humankind. Only the Justice League can save us from gorilla domination! Then Lex Luthor's reputation as a devious mastermind is finally exposed or is it? Luthor assembles a mighty evildoer team - Ultra-Humanite Cheetah Copperhead Solomon Grundy Star Sapphire The Shade and The Joker - to destroy the Justice League. This is the one battle of might and wits that could truly finish the World's Greatest Super Heroes!
382397 Born in Missouri at the height of mob persecution denied fatherly guidance at age five and the love of his mother at age thirteen Joseph F. Smith was reared by the hand of the Lord from orphaned boy to sixth President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Witness the faith devotion and struggles required to drive a team of oxen across the plains serve numerous missions abroad withstand the mistreatment of an intolerant nation and ultimately rise to be a Prophet of God.
382519 When Tom and Jerry scrap chase and collide they cover quite a bit of geography witness a lot of history and play silly sports aplenty as the 15 crazy cartoons of Volume 6 prove. Learn how the Declaration of Independunce and the first airplane flew into being. Music rules in three melodic misadventures including Kitty Cat Blues a furocious Flamenco dance-off and a hip-hoppin` feud between Tom and DJ Jerry. This volume runs hot and cold with some roaring lion lunacy in Africa tail-kicking kangaroo action in the Australian Outback chilly silliness involving The Abominable Snowmouse cockeyed hockey and an all-out snowball war. Get ready to travel to your fun zone with everyone's favorite cat-and-mouse team.
382639 Set in an alternate universe in a college called FAERYVILLE a group of teenage misfits struggle to find themselves and make sense of their ‘purpose’. They decide that there is no reason in trying to fit-in trying like ‘everybody’ to be ‘somebody’ choosing instead to mock the establishment as pranksters – calling themselves The Nobodies. Now what’s their plan? Frankly they have no idea until Laer a transfer student joins them and takes them on a warpath of self-discovery and no return.  Faeryville is a dystopian teen movie a stylish coming of age film about youth making sense of their idealistic dreams in our increasingly surreal world - a fictional manifestation of very real issues prevalent in the Post 9-11 world.
382748 Leo Borlock is an average student at Mica High School. He gets decent grades is a member of the school's marching band and has always been content flying under the radar. But all that changes when he meets Stargirl Caraway a confident and colorful new student with a penchant for the ukulele who stands out in a crowd. She is kind finds magic in the mundane and touches the lives of others with the simplest of gestures. Her eccentricities and infectious personality charm Leo and the student body and she quickly goes from being ignored and ridiculed to accepted and praised then back again sending Leo on a rollercoaster ride of emotions.
383669 On December 6th 1995 three members of the notorious Essex Boys firm were brutally executed in the most infamous gangland murders in British history. Many believe Jack Whomes and Michael Steele were wrongly convicted of the crime and the myths and speculation surrounding the murders continues to grow. Following the investigation a new generation of Essex Boys emerged to take over continuing the bloodshed for years to come. Now 20 years after the shootings former Essex Boy and friend of one of the victims Bernard O Mahoney is looking to set the record straight and reveal the truth once and for all.
383956 AR Fox vs. MASADA  The Amazing Gulaks (Drew Gulak & Rory Gulak) vs. The Dub Boys (Dave McCall & Nate Carter)  CZW Wired TV Title Best Two Out Of Three Falls Match  Lio Rush (c) vs. Joey Janela  Conor Claxton Frankie Pickard & Neiko Sozio vs. Scarlet And Graves (Dave Crist Desmond Xavier & Zachary Wentz)  CZW World Heavyweight Title #1 Contendership Vs. Spot On The Roster Match  Danny Havoc vs. Rickey Shane Page  CZW Tag Team Title Match  #TVReady (BLK Jeez & Pepper Parks) (w/Cherry Bomb) (c) vs. EYFBO (Angel Ortiz & Mike Draztik)  Mike Bailey vs. Sami Callihan  CZW World Heavyweight Title Ladder Match  Matt Tremont (c) vs. Devon Moore
384279 In Japan’s crowded archipelago there are still places where nature thrives – and Japan has a surprisingly vast range of landscapes from the far north where sea eagles walk on frozen seas to subtropical southern islands with coral reefs and volcanoes and the central islands with forested mountains home to bears and monkeys. This series explores how life survives across these islands and how humans and wildlife have found ways to live alongside the forces of nature and embrace them in quintessential ways.
384289 Peter Dunning is a rugged individualist in the extreme a hard-drinking loner and former artist who has burned bridges with his wives and children and whose only company even on harsh winter nights are the sheep cows and pigs he tends on his Vermont farm. Peter is also one of the most complicated sympathetic documentary subjects to come along in some time a product of the 1960s counterculture whose poetic idealism has since soured. For all his candor he slips into drunken self-destructive habits cursing the splendors of a pastoral landscape that he has spent decades nurturing.
384525 It is the world's largest coral reef the largest living structure on the planet and one of the wonders of the natural world. The three episodes of this documentary series explore in depth this biological miracle located in the Coral Sea in northeastern Australia and its complex life along more than 2000 kilometers long. A journey from Heron Island in the south to the remote Torres Strait in the north. From the depths beyond the reef to the coral gardens and forests on the shores.
384874 After his mother unexpectedly dies 17-year-old Ethan discovers he is the owner of his mother's horse - a horse he never even knew existed. He travels cross country to live with his grandparents and investigate the mystery. His grandmother is supportive but his angry grandfather Otto doesn't seem to want him around. Next door live three children who are taking riding lessons at the same farm where his mother's horse is boarded. Their lives intersect as Ethan deals with his grief over his mother's death and the children deal with a neighborhood bully whose father works at the horse farm. The journey for Ethan Otto the three children the bully and her father all revolve around a gentle and faithful horse called Bear who deeply touches all their lives. This is a delightful redemption-themed family movie that will appeal to children teens horse-lovers and people of all ages.
385103 In Scooby-Doo’s greatest adventure yet see the never-before told story of how lifelong friends Scooby and Shaggy first met and how they joined forces with young detectives Fred Velma and Daphne to form the famous Mystery Inc. Now with hundreds of cases solved Scooby and the gang face their biggest toughest mystery ever: an evil plot to unleash the ghost dog Cerberus upon the world. As they race to stop this global “dogpocalypse” the gang discovers that Scooby has a secret legacy and an epic destiny greater than anyone ever imagined.
385115 This trial of the century was the first nationally televised TRUE LIFE soap opera a tangle of salacious plotlines. OJ SIMPSON TRIAL: THE REAL STORY reveals the true story behind the trial of O.J. Simpson the most highly publicized American criminal trial ever. The documentary relies on contemporaneous archival material alone to illustrate the course of events. Without the interruption of modern interviews to provide hindsight the storytelling triggers the same raw emotion and real-time perspective as when the events transpired all those years ago.
"385281 Gravity Falls where there's always something peculiar going on! Join 12-year-old twins Dipper and Mabel Pines as they explore the oddest spot on the map. Shipped off to spend the summer with their gruff Great-Uncle (""Grunkle"") Stan -- who runs the tacky tourist trap ""Mystery Shack"" -- the kids uncover mysterious surprises unsurpassed silliness and supernatural shenanigans lurking around every corner of the deceptively sleepy little town. Packed with over two hours of hilarious adventures irreverent humor and quirky unforgettable characters GRAVITY FALLS: SIX STRANGE TALES is a trippy trip into your family's fun zone!"
385304 Originally released in 2001 Disposable Arts is a thematic/concept album by Masta Ace. The concept follows that Masta Ace is being released from prison his return to home and joining ‘The Institute of Disposable Arts’. The album is one complete story with the skits and songs together. The album contain many guest artists like Masta Ace’s own group eMC (Stricklin Punchline & Wordsworth) Apocalypse Greg Nice Rah Digga J-Ro King T Jean Grae and more. Also a bunch of different producers this album is seen as a classic album by most Hip Hop heads.  This reissue by Below System contains almost a 2 hour making of DVD where you will see most of the contributors to the Disposable Arts album. Interviews stories behind the tracks and more content about the making of Disposable Arts.
385305 A documentary exploring the birth death and resurrection of illustrated movie poster art. Through interviews with a number of key art personalities from the 70s and 80s as well as many modern alternative poster artists “Twenty-Four by Thirty-Six” aims to answer the question: What happened to the illustrated movie poster? Where did it disappear to and why? In the mid 2000s filling the void left behind by Hollywood’s abandonment of illustrated movie posters independent artists and galleries began selling limited edition screenprinted posters — a movement that has quickly exploded into a booming industry with prints selling out online in seconds inspiring Hollywood studios to take notice of illustration in movie posters once more.
385586 Imagine leaving everything you have everyone you know everyone you love behind. Having to cross half a continent on foot atop freight trains inside truck trailers. Swimming across wild rivers. Crossing borders illegally. Walking across the Arizona desert. Being shot at robbed and beaten. Raped. Surviving it all. Crossing into the USA after life in the poorest parts of Central America. Succeeding. Now. In the “promised” land you don’t belong legally; or socially. You don’t understand the language. No one knows you arrived no one knows you exist. Imagine…. being Nobody. Then imagine a bag being shoved over your head. Getting your clothes stripped from you. Getting tossed in a closed room with a dozen others. A loaded gun is pointed at your head. You are forced to call back home and beg for money a ransom for your life.
385722 Lowly theme park mechanic Sam dreams about his childhood sweetheart Sue. With the mistaken belief that only a bling ring can win the girl of his dreams Sam plans the most perfect night to propose to his one true love. But when super villain Oscar shows up with his own evil ring that could destroy the city Sam’s plans are thrown into utter disarray. Mistaking each other’s rings for their own Sam teams up with his robot super heroes to track down his engagement ring and save the city… learning that it’s not about the size of the bling but the size of your heart.
385816 More people are imprisoned in the United States at this moment than in any other time or place in history yet the prison itself has never felt further away or more out of sight. This is a film about the prison in which we never see an actual penitentiary. The film unfolds a cinematic journey through a series of landscapes across the USA where prisons do work and affect lives from an anti-sex-offender pocket park in Los Angeles to a congregation of ex-incarcerated chess players shut out of the formal labor market to an Appalachian coal town betting its future on the promise of prison jobs.
385866 Barbra Streisand was born and raised in Brooklyn NY. Still in her teens she left home to pursue her dreams of becoming an actress. She went on to conquer the worlds of stage screen and music winning the Tony Award multiple Oscars Emmys and selling out concerts around the world. She's the most successful female recording artist in popular music history and the only singer to have a number-one album in five consecutive decades. This concert video recorded on October 11th & 13th 2012 captures Barbra's triumphant return to her hometown. With special guest Chris Botti and a thrilling duet with her son Jason Gould Barbra achieves yet another career milestone proving along the way that you can take the girl out of Brooklyn but you can't take Brooklyn out of the girl!
385923 Jake Groden is the black sheep of his family. Ankle deep in fish guts he serves out his parole in Alaska. Then after a decade of self-imposed exile he is forced to return to his Brooklyn family. He soon discovers that his perfect brother Michael is dead and he begins trying to take what Michael had- a beautiful wife adoring son control of the family furniture business and the love of their gruff father. For Jake the price of a new life is his identity.
386024 In Ghosts On The Go the gang crosses the Atlantic Ocean and takes on Europe! In Large Dragon at Large the gang attends a Renaissance Faire where a dragon interrupts their fun. While traveling in Greece an ancient myth apparently comes to life because of a medallion Shaggy wears in It's All Greek to Scooby. In Pompeii and Circumstance the gang's Italian vacation is interrupted by misdeeds in teh ancient city of Pompeii leading to an ominous visit into the mouth of th no so dormant Vesuvius. And finally the gang goes to Paris to see Daphne's cousin become a model but only to discover she's been abducted by a giant gargoyle in Ready To Scare.
386131 A musical journey through the swamps of the Louisiana Bayou the juke joints of the Mississippi Delta and Moonshine soaked BBQs in the North Mississippi Hill Country. Visiting the last original blues devils many in their 80's still living in the deep south working without management and touring the Chitlin' Circuit. Let Bobby Rush Barbara Lynn Henry Gray Carol Fran Lazy Lester Bilbo Walker RL Boyce Jimmy 'Duck' Holmes Lil Buck Sinegal LC Ulmer and their friends awaken the blues in all of us.
386238 Following a sell-out run at London’s Royal Court Theatre Olivier and Academy Award® winner Martin McDonagh (The Pillowman The Cripple of Inishmaan In Bruges) returns to the West End with Matthew Dunster’s award-winning production of his deeply funny new play Hangmen broadcast live to cinemas by National Theatre Live.  In his small pub in the northern English town of Oldham Harry (David Morrissey – The Walking Dead State of Play) is something of a local celebrity. But what's the second-best hangman in England to do on the day they've abolished hanging?  Amongst the cub reporters and pub regulars dying to hear Harry’s reaction to the news his old assistant Syd (Andy Nyman – Peaky Blinders Death at a Funeral) and the peculiar Mooney (Johnny Flynn – Clouds of Sils Maria) lurk with very different motives for their visit.
387017 You would think as they grow older they would become wiser... but it's the opposite for We Play Crazy. Coming back for the third installment the Gaboff brothers prepare you for their most shocking film yet! After a 14 day road trip with an RV full of drunk knuckleheads you'll never want to go on vacation again! This DVD includes new members new stunts new pranks new babes and your favorite new injuries! So let's see if you can withstand 90 minutes of side-splitting insanity!
"387263 Kiss is one of the legendary groups in the history of Hard Rock. They have millions of fans around the world and about 100 million records sold. KISS confirms why they are the best in the scene for almost four decades in a presentation that made ​​history wowing an audience of more than 85 thousand people in the show held in Nurburgring Germany in 2010. Over nearly two hours do a tour of her biggest hits like ""Let me go"" ""Rocknroll"" ""Firehouse"" ""Love Gun"" ""Deuce"" ""Calling Dr. Love"" ""Detroit Rock City"" and as extra surprise a cover of Led Zeppelin ""Whole lotta Love""."
"387446 Vermin Supreme is no ordinary presidential candidate. Promising a free pony for every American a fully funded time travel research program and unprecedented zombie preparedness initiatives for a new American Republic he truly is the people's candidate and the friendly fascist par excellence. ""Who Is Vermin Supreme? An Outsider Odyssey"" follows Vermin Supreme's raucous 2012 campaign from the Rainbow Gathering in the the Cherokee National Forest to the Democratic and Republican National Conventions to Occupy Wall Street protests and all the way to heart of the American Empire in Washington DC. From the unsettling gravitas of marauding riot police to the unbridled joy of songs sung for police officers and pranks played on anti-abortion fanatics ""Who Is Vermin Supreme?"" is certain to show you America as you've never seen it before."
387510 A Terrible Beauty is the story of the men and women of the Easter Rising in Dublin in 1916 Irish and British caught up in a conflict many did not understand and of the innocent men and boys executed because of what transpired in The Battle of Mount Street Bridge. The British soldiers were the last of the Great War volunteers who joined up together to fight the Germans. They knew that there was a strong chance they would die in France but to die in Dublin would never have crossed their minds. The Irish Volunteers were weekend warriors many of whom had no idea they were about to take part in large scale battles on the streets of Dublin.
387639 Directed by Erez Laufer Mike Brant -- Laisse moi t'aimer is a documentary based on the real-life death of Mike Brant who reluctantly became a foreign singing sensation during the 1960s and '70s. Born in a displaced person's camp in Cyprus the then-named Moshe Brand grew up in a working-class environment occasionally making time to entertain at weddings bar mitzvahs and eventually nightclubs both at home and abroad. When Sylvie and Carlos Varton saw one of his performances they whisked him off to Paris and saw to it that his career took off. Though he was an almost instant success he is believed to have committed suicide at the age of 28. This film features rare interviews with family friends and colleagues as well as footage from home movies television appearances and radio recordings.
387704 Judas Priest's tour in support of their 17th studio album overall 'Redeemer Of Souls' was one of the most extensive of the group's entire career - consisting of 130 shows in 33 countries and offering a setlist that touched upon selections from nearly all of their classic albums. Recorded live on August 1st 2015 at Germany's infamous Wacken Festival in front of an audience of 85000 screaming metal maniacs this concert film unleashes one of the greatest live bands in the heavy metal genre. And as evidenced by 'Battle Cry' Judas Priest rock harder and more ferociously than ever. 1. (Intro) Battle Cry 2. Dragonaut 3. Metal Gods 4. Devil's Child 5. Victim Of Changes 6. Halls Of Valhalla 7. Turbo Lover 8. Redeemer Of Souls 9. Beyond The Realms Of Death 10. Jawbreaker 11. Breaking The Law 12. Hell Bent For Leather 13. The Hellion 14. Electric Eye 15. You've Got Another Thing Coming 16. Painkiller 17. Living After Midnight
388094 NXT TakeOver: Dallas was a major professional wrestling show in the NXT TakeOver series that took place on April 1 2016 produced by WWE showcasing its NXT developmental brand and was streamed live on the WWE Network. It took place at the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center in Dallas Texas during the weekend of WrestleMania 32. It was the first show in the NXT TakeOver series to be broadcast live on the WWE Network during WrestleMania weekend and first of 2016.
388191 When a team of unlikely heroes hijacks a steam-powered battle wagon a daring young wizard (Marek) steals the final piece of the all-powerful Darkspore and embarks on a desperate quest to deliver the cursed artifact to the gods for safe keeping; but when they are caught in a death race between a ruthless team of elite mercenaries and a trinity of demons Marek must learn to believe in herself before her friends are killed and the Darkspore is lost to stop the evil necromancer (Szorlok) from uniting the Darkspore and flooding the living world with his legions of undead.
388319 In the future the Empire of Mortemonde has enslaved almost all nations on Earth. Each month everyone is forced to play the virtual reality computer game Battledream. Only those who reach a score of 1000 points are allowed to live one more month. And on top of that you can also really die in the game. Impenetrable firewalls make sure that nobody can cheat or break the codes. Syanna Meridian a fearless young slave decides to fight this inhuman system together with her devoted friend Alytha Mercuri. There’s only one free nation left on the planet Sablereve but its leaders prefer to run rather than to fight. It’s up to Syanna to convince them to join her but to achieve that she has to win one final game against the best players of Mortemonde Isaac Ravengorn and Alexander Torquemada.
388751 December 7 1941 - TOMIKAZU “TOMI” NAKAJI (Kyler Ki Sakamoto) and his best friend BILLY DAVIS (Kalama Epstein) are playing baseball in a field near their homes in Hawaii when Japan launches a surprise attack on the US at Pearl Harbor.  As Tomi looks up at the sky and recognizes the Blood-Red Sun emblem on the fighter planes he knows that his life has changed forever.  Based on actual events Under the Blood-Red Sun is an unforgettable story of friendship courage and survival.
389071 Europe will re-release their 2015 War of Kings album later this month across a number of formats featuring video of a complete 2015 live performance.  The band’s 10th studio album was issued back in March to very positive reviews and the hard rocking Swedes appeared at Northern Germany’s 25th Wacken Air Festival in early August. This performance will feature on the bonus disc blu-ray or DVD and the package is available as CD+DVD CD+Blu-ray and a deluxe CD+Blu-ray+DVD photo book edition.
"389277 The year 2006 marks the 40th anniversary of the release of ""My Brother Makes The Noises For the Talkies  the first record by The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band. On January 28th 2006 Classic Rock Productions Ltd presented a very special evening celebrating the music and achievements of the legendary Bonzos. The part of the late great and sorely missed Vivian Stanshall was performed variously by Messrs Stephen Fry Adrian Edmondson Phill Jupitus and Paul Merton making this the most exciting evening since the Secret Policeman s Ball. For the first time since the group broke up in the early seventies a British stage once again resounded to the inspired flights of lunacy of the Bonzos favourites performed live. An evening dedicated to the surreal stage presentation of the highlights of the music of the Bonzos including all of the hits which have built a lasting musical legacy."
"389292 Rocket science meets the auto industry as ""APEX"" follows a thread that starts in the design studios and R&D labs where these ""fighter jets of the street"" are created and leads to a perilous racetrack in Germany where drivers can reach new heights of speed and performance -- if they dare. Equal parts human drama and speed ""APEX"" follows Swedish entrepreneur Christian von Koenigsegg a lifelong sports car enthusiast on a personal quest to build a ""mega"" car whose golden ratio defies all expectations for a hypercar's velocity and power while competing against the biggest names in motorsports for space on the world stage. With insights from top engineers and designers ""APEX"" pulls back the curtain on the top-secret development facilities at Porsche Ferrari McLaren and Pagani where awe-inspiring hypercars are imagined and built and puts you inches from the action as top drivers shake down the latest hypercars flat-out on some of the world's greatest racetracks."
389437 Even the dead need policemen. Meet the Border Patrol which is to ensure that the law is enforced in the territory of the dead. These hard supernatural guards are responsible for sinners to face their destiny and that good are the creator. To Numan a character who makes the laws are enforced in the gloomy abyss between the two worlds the present case appears to be the most tremendous of his career both his past life in New York as now become the Patrullero Spooky Frontera .  When chasing a serial murderer Dr. Helms Numan is forced to break the rules of Purgatory and ask for help to the police in Miami Chavez a mortal. The union of these incredible allies soon becomes clear that Helms a strange supernatural being generic has the power to open the door to other territories threatening the existence of Life and Death as we know it.
389488 Tupac: Aftermath is a delicate sequel to Tupac: Conspiracy which takes the viewer to the days following the death of the rap artist. Cover-Ups decpetion and rumor flowed through both Las vegas and Los Angeles setting up the biggest unsolved murder case- and biggest lies about it in recent history. Interviews with his close family and friends- as well as those who were inspired by him- perfectly reflect the fire intensity and passion of this artist. not to be missed find out the rest of the story in Tupac:Aftermath.
389694 Mr. Rudolpho is an Italian fashion designer: Rich famous and depressed. Surrounded by luxury monitored 24/7 by a security team hated by the CEO of Rudolpho Inc. he’s a prisoner of success. Rudolpho’s been sketching something in his moleskin book for months but nobody knows what it is. Turns out he’s making plans for suicide. Good timing because the CEO is planning to bump him off. Rudolpho heads to Berlin for Fashion Week to end it all with the killers not far behind. But this being a Bright Blue Gorilla film things don’t always go as planned... He’s thrown in with some off-the-grid artists - the Boheems - who have no idea who he is. Thinking he’s destitute they invite him to stay. Meanwhile cops killers reporters and Interpol all search for him. Rudolpho happy in his hide-out is hanging with the Boheems - and maybe falling for one of them... MRJ is a surreal comedy romance told by two “Musical Angels” aka Bright Blue Gorilla as the Greek Chorus.
389821 At a local Catholic school the nuns have noticed that the priest is doing more than just leading his students in prayer. Not content to stand idly by as evil walks their halls the Sisters decide to take action. Confronted by the nuns about his wicked ways the priest retaliates. For defying him the Father takes the Sisters hostage and bricks them into the walls of the school's basement. The sadistic and fatal punishment shakes the faith of the women forcing them to renounce their holy vows in the moments before their demise. How could they continue to believe in a power that would allow them to suffer such a fate when they were merely trying to do what's right? Decades later the school is now vacated and in a state of disrepair. Selected by the community as a building marked for urban renewal a neighborhood youth group has volunteered their afternoon to come clean up the premises and prepare it for construction.
390070 Capping a season with more twists and turns than any Colorado slalom course the Denver Broncos are once again Super Bowl champions! The incredible story of Peyton Manning Gary Kubiak pro football's best defense and the rest of the 2015 Broncos is now yours to own. From the season opening kickoff to the crowning glory of the Denver's 24-10 victory over the Carolina Panthers in Super Bowl 50 NFL Film documents every big plan in the Broncos triumphant season with amazing game footage exclusive sideline sounds and game wires and the pulse-pounding music that will make you want next season to start tomorrow. Denver Broncos Super Bowl 50 Champions also features exciting profiles from NFL Network and the best shots and sounds of the entire 2015 season. It s a must have for any Broncos fan.
390106 When John Spears (Paul Conway) is arrested on suspicion of murdering his neighbour detectives Kenosha (Jenny Agutter) and Frett (Jeremy Bulloch) are brought in to investigate the crime. As she spends time with the uncommunicative Spears Kenosha becomes darkly fascinated by the suspect and soon realises there is much more to the case than meets the eye. Delving into his past she discovers a man traumatised by a lost love and events so shocking that he can barely speak of them. When she is warned off by an American security firm Spears retreats into his own world once more and appears to be a man on the edge of insanity.
390187 Lockdown (2006) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) which took place on April 23 2006 from the Impact Zone in Orlando Florida. It was the second annual event under the Lockdown chronology. Eight matches were featured on the event's card. In the tradition of Lockdown events every match took place inside a steel structure with six sides known as Six Sides of Steel. This event also marked the TNA debut of Christy Hemme. The event was featured in an episode of House.
390196 Bound for Glory (2006) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling which took place on October 22 2006 from the Compuware Sports Arena in the Detroit Michigan charter township of Plymouth. Tickets went on sale August 5 2006.[citation needed] It was the second event under the Bound for Glory chronology. Eight professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card with Jeff Jarrett defending his NWA World Heavyweight Championship against Sting with the stipulation that Sting would retire from professional wrestling if he'd lose.
390298 New York designer Stefan Sagmeister lives in the city of his dreams and creates work for the likes of the Rolling Stones and Jay-Z. Business is good creative juices are flowing and yet he suspects there must be more to life. Sagmeister takes on the daunting project of changing his personality by trying to figure out the causes of happiness. On the advice of a trusted psychologist Sagmeister experiments with three different approaches: meditation therapy and drugs. The Happy Film follows his pursuit and all that he encounters along the way: joy ecstasy heartbreak change love and death.
390314 No Surrender (2008) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion that took place on September 14 2008 at the General Motors Centre in Oshawa Ontario Canada. It was the fourth event under the No Surrender name TNA's first PPV to take place outside of the United States and the ninth event in the 2008 TNA PPV schedule. Nine professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card four of which were for championships.
390324 When a powerful Florida lobbyist discovered that a nanny sexually abused his daughter he wielded all of his considered political capital to pass some of the strictest sex offender laws in the country. Today 800000 people are listed in the sex offender registry yet the cycles of abuse continue. Moving from the halls of power to the cardboard homes of a marginalized pariah people this enlightening documentary defies expectations and challenge assumptions to argue for a new understanding of how we think about and legislate sexual abuse.
"390353 Artist and life-long nerd Johannes Grenzfurthner is taking us on a personal road trip from the West Coast to the East Coast of the USA to introduce us to places and people that shaped and inspired his art and politics. Traceroute wants to chase and question the ghosts of nerddom's past present and future. An exhilarating tour de farce into the guts of trauma obsession and cognitive capitalism.  Features interviews with Matt Winston Sandy Stone Bruce Sterling Jason Scott Christina Agapakis Trevor Paglen Ryan Finnigan Kit Stubbs V. Vale Sean Bonner Allison Cameron Josh Ellingson Maggie Mayhem Paolo Pedercini Steve Tolin Dan Wilcox Jon Lebkowsky Jan ""Varka"" Mulders Adam Flynn Abie Hadjitarkhani Kelly Poots..."
390357 The King of the Belgians is on a state visit in Istanbul when his country falls apart. He must return home at once to save his kingdom. But a solar storm causes airspace and communications to shut down. No planes. No phones. With the help of a British filmmaker and a troupe of Bulgarian folk singers the King and his entourage manage to escape over the border. Incognito. Thus begins an odyssey across the Balkans during which the King discovers the real world - and himself.
390407 It's the summer before 6th grade and Clark is the new-in-town biracial kid in a sea of white. Discovering that to be cool he needs to act 'more black' he fumbles to meet expectations while his urban intellectual parents Mack and Gina also strive to adjust to small-town living. Equipped for the many inherent challenges of New York the tight-knit family are ill prepared for the drastically different set of obstacles that their new community presents and soon find themselves struggling to understand themselves and each other in this new suburban context.
390592 Anna is stuck: she’s approaching 30 and has just moved back to her rural home-town and into a shed in her mother’s backyard. She spends her time working a menial job at a local boating center and hides in the depths of her imagination making movies with her thumbs. Irritated by her childish behavior Anna's mother insists that she move out of her shed and on with her life. When a troubled young boy starts hanging around the two form an unlikely bond. Through their strange yet mutually beneficial friendship Anna slowly begins to confront her perpetual state of arrested development.
390749 The end of the Indian Wars in the US concluded with the horrific events at Wounded Knee in December 1890. After Custer's defeat at Little Big Horn and Chief Sitting Bull's subsequent surrender and execution the Lakota Sioux set out on a 300-mile walk southward through South Dakota. Along the way they were joined by Chief Big Foot's band of Minneconjou Lakota and pursued by the Calvary ending up at Wounded Knee where 350 Lakota were massacred. In The Ride we are witness to the annual Chief Big Foot Memorial Ride a tradition since 1986 where young Lakota retrace part of the route on a 300-mile horse ride in late December.
390751 There are 100000 US citizens in solitary confinement across the country a staggering number prompting comment from both President Obama and the Pope. Situated in rural Virginia 300 miles from any urban center Red Onion State Prison is one of over 40 supermax prisons across the US built to hold prisoners in eight-by-ten-foot cells for 23 hours a day. Filmed over the course of one year this eye-opening film braids stark prison imagery stories from correction officers and intimate reflections from the men who are locked up in isolation. The inmates share the paths that led them to prison and their daily struggles to maintain their sanity.
390772 Don’t Look Down is the untold story behind Sir Richard Branson’s daring attempts to cross the Atlantic and Pacific in the mid 80s and early 90s in the world’s largest hot air balloon. Daniel Gordon captures the intensity and passion of the team that was involved in this ambitious project as well as the first-hand account from Branson himself. Branson remembers details of his journey with remarkable sharpness and clarity. It’s as if the perilous adventure he embarks upon with engineer and Balloonist Per Lindstrand just occurred.
390837 Whether he’s singing an ode to “queer tattoos” telling his potential paramour all the things he won’t be doing for her (he ain’t fightin’ no Lion) or lamenting his new vegan lifestyle (“Tofurkey? Tof**k yourself- I want some meat”) Stephen Lynch will always consider himself “a musician trapped in the body of a comedian.” His unique blend of musical based comedy has earned him fiercely loyal fans around the world who live to experience his sold-out live shows five best-selling CDs his RIAA-certified Gold DVD and his 2 top-rated Comedy Central Specials. You may also recognize him from his Tony-nominated role starring in The Wedding Singer on Broadway.  Hello Kalamazoo is his first special in over 10 years and was recorded at the end of his Lion tour.
391301 Winning is never a slam dunk. They were the most popular fraternity on the campus of college basketball in the early 1980's. Led by a Nigerian soccer player named Hakeem Olajuwon and a lightly recruited hometown kid named Clyde Drexler the University of Houston Cougars not only electrified the NCAA Final Four with three straight appearances (1982-84) but they also helped transform the game itself. Director Chip Rives brings back the high-flying circus act under ringmaster Guy V. Lewis and spins a tale of true greatness and crushing heartbreak.
391569 Probably the most famous Opera Buffa in music history The Barber of Seville is an eternal source of joy. The director Vittorio Borelli has set the action in its original context during the time of Beaumarchais indicative of the change in social attitudes before during and after the French Revolution but still fully adorn with powdered wigs and silk trousers.  We are in Seville where the young and beautiful Rosina is kept locked up by her guardian Don Bartolo who intends to marry her in order to keep her dowry. However Rosina is in love with the young Count Almaviva who with the help of Figaro will try everything to save her to finally be with his beloved.
391596 Evil returns to Salem's Cove. It's up to the sheriff and his closest allies to save not only the town but the world from an evil force that hasn't been heard from since The Salem Witch Trials Ended.  Unexplained evil acts have been happening since Salem's Cove was founded on the coast of North Carolina after the Salem Witch Trials. Paranormal activities has always been stopped and hidden from the general public by a secret order of defenders. The defenders greatest fears are about to be unleashed not only to the people of Salem's Cove but to the rest of the world. Sheriff Ethan Grey and Lt. Gibbs must enlist help and reveal the truth about the towns best kept secret before it's too late.
391628 What is art and how does it relate to society? Is its value determined by its popularity or originality? Is the goal profit or expressing one's personal vision? These are some of the questions raised as we follow fiercely independent New York artist Robert Cenedella in his artistic journey through decades of struggling for creative expression. A student protégé and friend of German artist George Grosz Cenedella is now passing on the legacy of Grosz's approach to art in the very same room where Grosz taught. In portraying Cenedella's determination to buck the system of what's popular while critiquing that popularity in his attempt to turn the art world upside down ART BASTARD is a funny touching and insightful look inside the maverick mind of a true original.
391698 The Beatles stormed through Europe's music scene in 1963 and in 1964 they conquered America. Their groundbreaking world tours changed global youth culture forever and arguably invented mass entertainment as we know it today. All the while the group were composing and recording a series of extraordinarily successful singles and albums. However the relentless pressure of such unprecedented fame that in 1966 became uncontrollable turmoil led to the decision to stop touring. In the ensuing years The Beatles were then free to focus on a series of albums that changed the face of recorded music.
391790 * * * Learn To Use The Golf Club As An Effectve Tool For Effortless Power And Control. * * * The Truth About Golf Is A Breakthrough In Golf Learning That Will Reveal The Secrets To Playing The Best Golf Possible. One Of The Secrets Is Knowing When To Square The Clubface...And It's Not At Impact. * * * Aj Has Developed The Application Of The Truth While Working With Thousands Of Golfers And Hundreds Of Golf Instructors. He Shares His Proven Method That Will Teach You How To Be A Skilled Craftsman With Your Golf Clubs. * * *
392003 LOOK AT US NOW MOTHER! is about the transformation of a highly charged mother/daughter relationship from Mommie Dearest to Dear Mom from hatred to love as told through the filmmaker's story. The film is an unflinching look at the complex bond between mother and daughter. It reveals insights into family behaviors patterns and generational societal cultural and individual histories. The film takes the audience on a journey spanning decades and continents filled with conflict and emotional land mines. Told through biting humor and raw honesty this is an intimate story about family dysfunctions and forgiveness.
392118 BEYOND LEMURIA is more than science-fiction. It is a unique spiritual adventure presented in the format of a mystic initiation ritual. The story unfolds as a symbolic morality play involving two groups of people portrayed by the same actors but dedicated to different goals. The sinister Draconians search for antediluvian secrets of power in the lava caves north of Mount Shasta while the spiritually minded Lothinians seek enlightenment from the Ancient Masters on the slopes of the Holy Mountain–thus the dark depths and the shining heights of human nature are explored against the awesome metaphor of Nature herself.  BEYOND LEMURIA honors and extols the mystical heritage of California’s Sacred Mountain in an artistic and evocative presentation that all of us who revere Mt. Shasta can share with pride.
392563 Twenty seasonal stories from Thomas and his friends Duncan Gordon Henry Percy Toby and Rusty: 'Rusty to the Rescue' It's Great to Be an Engine' 'Woolly Bear' 'You Can't Win' 'Percy's Seaside Trip' 'Percy's Promise' 'Henry's Forest' 'Toby and the Flood' 'Stepney Gets Lost' 'The Trouble with Mud' 'Snow Song' 'Thomas Terence and the Snow' 'Snow' 'The Flying Kipper' 'A Scarf for Percy' 'Special Funnel' 'Thomas' Christmas Party' Thomas and the Missing Christmas Tree' and finally 'Thomas and Percy's Christmas Adventure'
392608 When the contestants at a way-cool snowboarding contest are suspiciously sidelined Scooby-Doo and the kids investigate - and discover the chilling fact that There's No Creature Like Snow Creature!  Then there's dino-sized mystery afoot in Costa Rica when a fearsome Giganotosaurus jumps off a movie screen and goes on a rampage of 3-D Struction! Next in Space Ape at the Cape the gang tangles with an extra-scary extraterrestrial who's monkeying around with an important rocket launch.  And there's a Big Scare in the Big Easy when the Mystery Inc. crew unearths spooky doings at a haunted New Orleans cemetery!
392618 The 5th volume of episodes from the hit TV series What's New Scooby-Doo with four action-packed sports adventures. The Unnatural serves up a full plate of ballpark pranks and ferocious fastballs from Ghost Cab Gray who wants to stop the current homerun king from breaking his record. The gang tries to stop a giant sand worm from wreaking havoc on the Enduro Slam 5000 offroad race in The Fast and the Wormious. A weird ghost monster called the Titantic Twist turns Daphne and Velma into Wrestle Maniacs. For a grand-slam finale the hockey mystery Diamonds Are A Ghoul's Best Friend introduces the chilling Frozen Fiend. When the gang dons sticks and pads will they perform a hat trick...or get frozen stiff?
392820 No other band in rock'n'roll history has rivaled The Stooges' combination of heavy primal throb spiked psychedelia blues-a-billy grind complete with succinct angst-ridden lyrics and a snarling preening leopard of a frontman who somehow embodies Nijinsky Bruce Lee Harpo Marx and Arthur Rimbaud all rolled into one. There is no precedent for The Stooges while those inspired by them are now legion.  The film will present the context of their emergence musically culturally politically historically and relate their adventures and misadventures while charting their inspirations and the reasons behind their initial commercial challenges as well as their long-lasting legacy.
393052 In Dr. Wayne Dyer's public television special taped live in front of a thousand fans in Boston's historic theater district he transforms conventional thinking about making things happen in our lives into a profound understanding of how each person possesses the infinite potential and power to co-create the life he or she desires. To accomplish this Dr. Dyer takes the audience through a journey into the seven faces of intention - 1: creativity 2: kindness; 3: love 4: beauty 5: expansiveness 6: abundance and 7: receptivity. Throughout the program Dr. Dyer illustrates his points with signature stories that move the audience to tears--as well as abundant laughter.
393257 Released from prison and terminally ill Parvis Karimpour is determined to be reunited with his daughter Nasrin who fled Iran for Europe many years before. Crossing the Mediterranean only to be unceremoniously dumped on the Spanish coast Karimpour makes for Madrid in search of his erstwhile only child. Along the way he meets failed Italian pianist Fabrizio and spoilt German dreamer Almut – fellow migrants struggling to make their way in a Europe beset by economic turmoil. The search for Nasrin lends Karimpour’s new friends a sense of purpose and the unlikely threesome take up her trail.
393367 Written and directed by Tearepa Kahi (Mt Zion) and starring Maaka Pohatu (The Modern Maori Quartet Two Little Boys) the film tells the story of musician Dalvanius Prime and the origin of the song “Poi E” a ground-breaking fusion of 1980s pop and traditional Māori music. “Poi E” composed by Dalvanius and Ngoingoi Pēwhairangi and performed by the Patea Māori Club remains the only song in Te Reo Māori to reach No 1 in the charts over 30 years since its 1984 release.
"393368 Disturbing the Peace follows a group of former enemy combatants - Israeli soldiers from the most elite units and Palestinian fighters many of whom served years in prison - who have come together to challenge the status quo and and say “enough"".  The film traces their transformational journeys from soldiers committed to armed battle to non-violent peace activists.  It is a story of the human potential unleashed when we stop participating in a story that no longer serves us and with the power of our convictions take action to create a new possibility."
393603 Maine Congressman Charlie Winship has had a bad day. After being caught on video failing to stand and recite the pledge of allegiance he knocks out another House member confronts his angry ex-wife and faces denunciation by the media for attacking one of the most cherished patriotic symbols in America. As his life spirals out of control Charlie embarks on a journey to a remote island in the Atlantic whose eccentric inhabitants are in the middle of a shooting war over their fishing grounds. Treat Williams stars as The Congressman in this humorous and moving film that raises the important question of what it means to be an American.
393668 The only thing more fun than listening to a story is actually being part of it. So just say the magic words Meeska Mooska Mickey Mouse and let the enchantment begin! When Donald Duck turns into a frog after drinking Professor Von Drake s new potion only a kiss from Princess Daisy can change him back. But she s locked away in the Tallest Tower! Will you help Mickey choose the right Mouseketools to rescue Daisy and de-frog Donald? There s nonstop fun excitement and new challenges around every corner as you help solve a Goldilocks-style mystery wake Sleeping Minnie from a hundred-year nap outsmart pesky Pete on a race through the woods and more! Let your imagination soar as you join Mickey Minnie Donald Goofy and the whole Clubhouse gang of classic characters as they set off on amazing music-filled storybook adventures inspired by your favorite fairy tales.
393781 Minnie's sparkling new Pet Salon is open for business... and adventure! All your Clubhouse pals are bringing their animal friends to get spruced up for Pluto's All-Star Pet Show. With so many pets to bathe groom and train Minnie needs help. Luckily Mickey and the gang are there to lend a hand. But when three adorable little kittens go missing it will take the right Mouseketools -- and help from YOU -- to find them in time for the big show.
"394143 Uganda 1989. A young Acholi rebel guided by spirits Joseph Kony forms a new rebel movement against the government: the LRA The Lord’s Resistance Army. An “army” that grew by abducting teenagers – more than 60 000 over 25 years – of which less than half came out of the bush alive.  Geofrey Nighty and Mike a group of friends as well as Lapisa were among these youths abducted at 12 or 13. Today in their effort to rebuild their lives and go back to normal they revisit the places that marked their stolen childhood. At the same time victims and murderers witnesses and perpetrators of horrific acts that they did not fully understand they are forever the ""Wrong Elements"" that society struggles to accept.  Meanwhile in the immensity of the Central African jungle the Ugandan army still continues to hunt the last scattered LRA rebels. But Joseph Kony is still out there on the run."
394248 Yallah! Underground follows some of today’s most influential and progressive artists in Arab underground culture from 2009 to 2013 and documents their work dreams and fears in a time of great change for Arab societies.  In a region full of tension young Arab artists in the Middle East have struggled for years to express themselves freely and to promote more liberal attitudes within their societies.  During the Arab Spring like many others of this new generation local artists had high hopes for the future and took part in the protests. However after years of turmoil and instability young Arabs now have to challenge both old and new problems being torn between feelings of disillusion and a vague hope for a better future.
394423 Dave Navarro is a trauma survivor of the highest order. When Dave was only 15 years old his mother was brutally murdered by her estranged ex-boyfriend. For 8 long years her killer avoided capture while Dave dealt with his deepest darkest fears through drugs art and escapism. In a heartbreaking inspirational journey Dave confronts the events that changed his life forever. Through revelations from friends and family to the cold hard facts from police and FBI agents Dave attempts to come to terms with his mother's senseless murder and the horrific realities of domestic violence.
394486 Flight is the ultimate superpower an extraordinary ability that humans can only dream of. Yet an astonishing number of animals have mastered the skies. Now new technology allows us to join them in their previously hidden world ‘flying’ alongside these gravity-defying animals and experiencing their unique point of view. With exceptional skills and breath-taking design creatures ranging from frogs to fish from spiders to squirrels spend their lives mid-air. Life in the Air captures this extraordinary animal behaviour and reveals – in incredible detail – the amazing science of flight.
394743 The extraordinary true story of Barney Miller an emerging Pro-surfer who became a quadriplegic 17 years ago. Told by doctors he would never use his legs again Barney defied all medical assessments through grit self-belief hard work and sheer guts. When Barney meets and falls in love with Kate a girl with her own dreams of being a singer he makes it his mission to only ask Kate to marry him when he can kneel down to propose stand at the altar and dance at their wedding together.
"395008 Sparks exploded onto the music scene back in 1974 with their debut and most famous hit ""This Town Ain't Big Enough For Both Of Us"" a powerful hook-filled pop song with dynamic falsetto vocals which proved as camp and histrionic as the duo themselves.  An unforgettable combination brothers Ron and Russell Mael have proved themselves masters of unusual but addictive melodies clever lyrics and spectacular arrangements.  The (2006) concert from the London Forum delivered hits from throughout Sparks career including; Amateur Hour Never Turn Your Back On Mother Earth Something For The Girl With Everything Number One Song In Heaven Tryouts For The Human Race Tips For Teens and Funny Face.  This DVD package comes fully loaded with the unforgettable live concert extended interviews and video diaries from Japan."
395032 From Kazakhstan through to Russia three riders venture deep into Siberia's Altai Mountain range and attempt to cross the great Steppes of Mongolia. Traversing flooded rivers snow capped mountains and baking hot deserts hardship tests their friendship as they race toward the capital of Mongolia to witness the country's greatest celebration the Naadam festival.  Their epic journey is a true testament to living on a motorcycle and a cultural insight into one of the greatest empires in the history of the world the reign of Chingis Khan's Mongolian Horde. Motonomad II is more than a motorcycle journey it's a life adventure.
395278 Mastering classic pinball arcade games requires focus agility and dedication. Robert Gagno has all these traits. It might explain why he surged from a complete unknown to one of the world's best players in five years. The achievement is even more impressive considering he was diagnosed with autism at age three. His success on the pinball circuit made him part of a community that provided acceptance and encouragement. With his parents' support and determination Robert has exceeded every expectation placed upon him. As he approaches adulthood his next challenge is to become more self-sufficient and gain his independence. From high-stakes tournaments across the continent to his day-to-day search for employment we follow Robert's persistent progression to overcome obstacles and manage the highs of success and lows of falling short. In Wizard Mode flashing lights and triple combos highlight an outstanding individual who continues to beat the odds and set records.
395395 By the early 1980s after two decades of violence and unrest the situation in Northern Ireland took a sudden and profound turn inside the infamous Maze Prison. Seeking the right to be treated as political prisoners rather than common criminals Irish Republicans led by Bobby Sands began a prison hunger strike that would draw international attention to the conflict. In the 66 days that he refused food Sands would be elected to the British Parliament put the Irish Republican struggle centre stage on the world news agenda and pay the ultimate price for his political convictions. The film combines a powerful mosaic of archival materials reconstructions and the illuminating accounts of former prisoners commentators and key players in the drama. With Sands's evocative prison diary at its core the film brings fresh insight to an iconic figure who single-handedly created a transformative moment in Ireland's history that had global aftershocks.
"395435 Billie a twenty something burnout is tasked with house-sitting for her aunt and uncle but after inviting some friends over becomes convinced her teenage cousin Grace has stolen a notebook containing her latest screenplay. While hunting for the book in ""Grace's Room"" the gang uncovers a bloody trove of occult paraphernalia. Unbeknownst to Billie and her friends said cult has been watching them from the nearby woods and now must kill them for discovering too much. A gruesome assault on the house ensues as the gang struggles to survive the night."
395437 After a massive sinkhole swallows a nearby town a school bus filled with students is dropped deep underground. After the crash the students realize the bus is hanging precariously against the side of the sinkhole held in place by a broken pipe. Any sudden move could send the bus plummeting into the darkness below. Alone and with all the adults injured the teens struggle for survival with the story taking on shades of Lord of the Flies. Their only hope is a small-town paramedic who must overcome a tragic past to rescue the students.
395531 An average magician can entertain but a world-class artist can reawaken your faith in the impossible. In this utterly charming showbiz chronicle four stellar magicians will amaze even the staunchest of skeptics. But for each of these virtuosos true success seems illusory. Among them: Brian Gillis was Johnny Carson’s favourite close-up magician and a regular on The Tonight Show; David Minkin can levitate almost anything with his mind; and Jon Armstrong might be the best card trickster in the world—but none of them are satisfied. Each can captivate a crowd but how long can they chase their dreams and at what cost? Following the artists on and off the stage Magicians: Life in the Impossible captures the sacrifices the obsessive drive and the very real possibility of losing everything for the one true love of their lives.
395965 In 20 years’ time there will be nearly 1.6 billion smokers around the world. Approximately 70% of smokers want to quit. The United Nations’ World Health Organisation expects a billion people will die prematurely from smoking this century. The products their doctors recommend are rarely effective and many are trapped. A new vapour technology was invented to give smokers a successful way to quit. But it was quickly demonised and even banned in many countries. A perfect storm is brewing between smokers trying to quit government regulators and health charities funded by the powerful pharmaceutical industry. Director Aaron Biebert travelled across four continents interviewing doctors scientists and others working to save a billion lives. What he found was profound government failure widespread corruption in the public health community and powerful subversion by big business.
395970 Paul is a serially unemployed father of three who works one day a week in a run-down mattress showroom. To stimulate sales proactive Paul invents the goofy persona of Mattress Mick for his employer Michael to play and creates ridiculous videos involving rap songs and monkey puppets. When the oddball clips go viral Paul sees his chance to monetize the concept and reinvent himself as a social media guru. Can a guy who's been made redundant twice in the past few years use his marketing savvy and entrepreneurial skills to transform his boss into an Internet star? Will Paul gain recognition for his bold ideas or will Michael take all the credit? Set against the backdrop of Ireland's crippling economic austerity and reflecting current workplace conditions Mattress Men tells the compelling story of a man looking for job security so he can get off social assistance and provide for his family.
"396397 He may be the most underrated rap star and producer in the world. He is a pioneer of urban music beginning his career in the streets of Compton and responsible for the sale of over 85 million records worldwide. Never before has DJ Quik allowed access into his personal and professional life... until now. Go behind the scenes with all access footage including Quik's personal home videos tour footage studio and much more along with such hits as ""Born and Raised in Compton"" ""Tonight"" ""Trouble"" and many more. Go step by step through his personal creative process allowing fans access into his signature style along with appearances by Suga Free Hi-C Nate Dogg El Debarge Butch Cassidy Chuckey and a moving tribute to Mausberg."
396493 After finding an ad online for “video work” Sara a video artist whose primary focus is creating intimacy with lonely men thinks she may have found the subject of her dreams. She drives to a remote house in the forest and meets a man claiming to be a serial killer. Unable to resist the chance to create a truly shocking piece of art she agrees to spend the day with him. However as the day goes on she discovers she may have dug herself into a hole from which she can’t escape.
396706 Savage! Sadistic! Thrill hungry! When it came to independent filmmaking in the sunshine state William Grefé was the wildest of the wild! During the 1960s and '70s the Miami-based producer/director transformed the darkest corners of the Florida swamps into his own personal backlot. From rampaging crocodiles possessed by an ancient Seminole witch doctor (DEATH CURSE OF TARTU) to a slithering serpent named STANLEY William Grefé would grind out low-budget exploitation films for drive-ins and hardtops around the world. Now without the benefit of cages or other protective devices the untold story of Florida's most daring moviemaker comes to the screen...IN PSYCHEDELIC COLOR!
396923 In this new documentary Susan Kemp explores the life and work of the great British director Antonia Bird who died in 2013. Bird blazed a trail from the radical hotbed of the Royal Court Theatre in the 70s via the groundbreaking early days of EastEnders and Casualty in the 80s all the way to Hollywood in the 90s and back again. She always had something urgent to say but her career was a long struggle to get her voice heard. Featuring many of her close collaborators including Robert Carlyle Irvine Welsh Kate Hardie and Mark Cousins this documentary is the first to examine Bird’s legacy and to place her where she belongs – among the most important British film TV and theatre directors of her era.
397517 Pop superstar Jordan Jaye (Matthew Espinosa) has a big dream he just wants to live like a regular teenager.  When he's chased down by some excited female fans he finds a perfect hideout and a reluctant new friend from a small town high-school art student Emily Lowe (Sarah Jeffery Descendants).  Despite being from different worlds they soon discover they have way more in common than they ever imagined.  Over the course of several days the two embark on an unexpected journey of friendship first love and self-discovery -- proving that maybe opposites really do attract.
397992 After a long stint in gay conversion therapy James a young piano prodigy returns home to his family farm and his emotionally-distant father Richard. After Richard pressures James to give up his music career and take over the farm James agrees as a way to make up for his past. Soon however James finds himself face-to-face with a former lover Charlie who wants to help him turn away from his new beliefs and family expectations and follow his dreams of studying music.
398179 A surprising number of Americans make their living off America's vast rivers of trash. These are America's unseen. Dogtown Redemption tells the story of one river and the humanity of its inhabitants in Dogtown West Oakland a lively bustling yet invisible corner of California. We follow the lives of three recyclers: Jason Witt the titan of recycling Landon Goodwin a former minister and crack addict who struggles with his own fall from grace and Miss Hayok Kay the ultimate outsider formerly a punk rocker from a prominent Korean family now at the mercy of the elements and predators. Through them we are introduced to the art science economics and politics of recycling: what it offers how it touches the poor and why it matters to all of us.
398597 It is the story of a young man Steve Wilson who wants to put his troubled past behind him. His passion is music and he gets a chance to hit the big time. An old friend Jack Spider recently escaped from prison driven by greed drags our hero back to a life he thought he had left behind. The record deal is waiting. A life saving chance for him and his daughter. Will he get there to sign up or will his worst nightmare come back to haunt him.
"398948 Popular Seduction Cinema and Cult Film stars discuss the intimate details of their lives and then get intimate with one another! Discover how these luscious ladies used their stunning beauty performance and acting talents hot young bodies and naughty lesbian cravings to carve out a sizzling career in the softcore movie industry. All of their juiciest secrets and tastiest ""assets"" will be thoroughly revealed in this steamy ultra-erotic TELL-ALL BARE-ALL DO-ALL portrait of the most uninhibited babes in the late-night sexploitation biz."
399037 Archie has made a discovery that will change the world forever. A toy radio. Archie's brother Billy is deaf. So Archie duct tapes the radio to his head to help him explore a world full of sound. Sophie is Archie's girlfriend. Archie thinks he is in love with Sophie but Sophie is not sure they know what love is. They spend their time waxing each other's noses deciding if getting slapped is worse than getting spit on and arguing about anything that's not worth arguing about. Then one day Archie decides to steal Billy fare and square from their repressive sister. Sophie decides to go along for the ride. The adventure that follows will force them to seriously consider: Do relationships rely on riding couches through automatic car washes? Is a toy radio really the cure to deafness? Is it legal to throw dead animals in dumpsters? Finding the answers to these important questions makes Archie Sophie and Billy examine their relationships in ways they never thought possible.
399119 Diane McCarthy (Leah Pipes) is a reality television producer for her arrogant ex-boyfriend’s show highlighting travel destinations. While driving to her next assignment Diane swerves off the road and gets stuck as a storm approaches. Nearby she sees the Forest Cove bed and breakfast. Owner Helen (Lindsay Wagner) offers Diane a complimentary room until her car is ready. Diane desperate for shelter accepts Helen’s offer and meets Helen’s handsome son Andy (Rick Malambri). Impressed by its charm Diane changes plans for the next episode to instead focus on Forest Cove. Helen is excited and hopes the show will bring in much needed business. Andy preparing to sell the struggling property is against it. Despite his objections Andy and Diane bond while preparing for the show. But it gets complicated when Jared Diane’s ex and host of the show arrives and throws a wrench in things.
399437 Thanks to a remarkable discovery in the BBC's film vaults the best of David Attenborough's early Zoo Quest adventures can now be seen as never before - in colour - and with it the remarkable story of how this pioneering television series was made. First broadcast in December 1954 Zoo Quest was one of the most popular television series of its time and launched the career of the young David Attenborough as a wildlife presenter. Zoo Quest completely changed how viewers saw the world - revealing wildlife and tribal communities that had never been filmed or even seen before.  Broadcast 10 years before colour television was seen in the UK Zoo Quest was thought to have been filmed in black and white until now. Using this extraordinary new-found colour film together with new behind-the-scenes stories from David Attenborough and cameraman Charles Lagus this special showcases the very best of Zoo Quest to West Africa Zoo Quest to Guiana and Zoo Quest for a Dragon in stunning HD colour.
400014 Suzanne Waters (Karen Abercrombie) has just passed the baton as the principal of the local high school. Having spent a lifetime teaching life lessons the journey into retirement is about to bring her one of her greatest lessons. Her lesson plan will come from a troubled young man Eli as she invests in his life. Suzanne also becomes a first-time grandmother and the new life of the baby brings renewed hope to the family as each member discovers their core value in God's path for their lives. As Suzanne reflects back on her life of faithfulness we are reminded that there are no accidents in God's Kingdom no chance meetings no purposeless steps taken.
400168 Straight out of MoVal a multi-cultural suburb in California James plays guitar in his room and hides from his emotionally unstable single-father whose fantasy baseball obsession and romantic life render him intolerable. Once tenth grade begins at Vista Christian High School James is reunited with his unlikely best friend Abe a wildchild whose antics draw a lot of negative attention to both he and James much to the chagrin of their odd stringent principal Mr. Durante. Meanwhile James is preoccupied with trying to impress a cute Latina named Carla only to find Abe's outrageous antics are hurting his chances. Things only get worse for the duo when Principal Durante punishes them by forcing them to perform the weekly chapel assembly.
400190 Appraiser Rachel (Lindsey Shaw) receives the news that her top-notched client wants to buyout a small town’s beloved library to build a resort and spa on the land. Rachel is completely against the idea of leaving NYC but loses the argument to her boss. So Rachel packs her bags and flies out to California. During her first visit to the library she runs into writer Jake (Derek Theler) who is researching the tale of Captain Black Bart’s hidden treasures for his next novel. With hopes of saving the library Mrs. Archer (Rachel Ticotin) the librarian pushes Jake to show Rachel what the library means to the town. Jake’s already got a lot on his plate with his research and taking care of his niece Hailey (Chiara Aurelia) and nephew Noah (Max Page) for the summer but he agrees to help out. As Rachel learns what the library means to the community she must find away to save it before it’s too late.
400361 Between 1405 and 1433 Admiral Zheng He of China led seven epic voyages to more than 30 countries including Sri Lanka India Indonesia Malaysia Vietnam Kenya and Tanzania. The admiral and his crew gathered knowledge and wealth from Indochina to Africa for China's Ming empire. These voyages were the biggest naval expeditions mounted at the time. Zheng He was bigger than life and could have changed the course of history. But after the seven voyages he and his Treasure Fleet were forgotten by China and the world for six hundred years. National Geographic photographer Michael Yamashita sets sail to discover why. To celebrate the 600th anniversary of Zheng He's maiden exploration voyage Michael Yamashita traveled over 10000 miles from Yunnan in China to Africa's Swahili coast taking over 40000 pictures for the feature story on this great explorer published in the July 2005 edition of National Geographic.
400444 Fired from his skiffle band Francis Henshall becomes minder to Roscoe Crabbe a small time East End hood now in Brighton to collect £6000 from his fiancée’s dad. But Roscoe is really his sister Rachel posing as her own dead brother who’s been killed by her boyfriend Stanley Stubbers.  Holed up at The Cricketers’ Arms the permanently ravenous Francis spots the chance of an extra meal ticket and takes a second job with one Stanley Stubbers who is hiding from the police and waiting to be re-united with Rachel. To prevent discovery Francis must keep his two guvnors apart.  Simple.
400593 Described as “a nightmare version of Cheers” (POV Magazine) and “one of the most captivating Australian documentaries in recent memory” (Cinema Australia) HOTEL COOLGARDIE is a gripping portrait of outback Australia as experienced by two ill-fated backpackers who find themselves the latest batch of “fresh meat” to work as barmaids in a remote mining town.  Sometimes amusing often confronting the film has been applauded for its no-holds-barred fly-on-the-wall storytelling as it explores hot-button themes around misogyny and xenophobia via its depiction of two women attempting to adapt to living and working in a hyper-masculine foreign environment.
400747 When Hannah's parents took her to a new school they said it was to give her a new start. However Hannah is 11 autistic and due to her condition unable to speak. She had a twin called Angel but when Angel died Hannah was forbidden to grieve by her abusive parents and punished when she sought comfort from her sister's things. Now Hannah lives locked inside a silent life of despair which she fears will soon end at the hands of her parents. However when a knife keeps appearing under her pillow and a voice that she thinks is inside her head won't leave her alone Hannah begins to realise that just maybe she may have an ally not of this world but fear paralyses her. Could it be Angel who from the 'other side' has come to seek justice for all the abuse she has suffered? Can Hannah overcome her fear enough to let her in?
"400899 A REYKJAVIK PORNO is a Nordic-noir Icelandic-Scottish feature. A curious student disturbed by his encounters with online pornography sets out on an ill-conceived search for revenge in the icy darkness of Iceland's capital. Three days in the permanent winter darkness of Reykjavik the freezing city provides a backdrop for a story of revenge. Ingvar a country-boy living in the capital to study lodges with an alcoholic landlady Laufey. Her love for Ingvar is obsessive and hopeless; she is trapped by her drinking and her agoraphobia. Ingvar should be happy with the joyful sex with his exuberant girlfriend Ada but he becomes transfixed by the deceit and dirty secrets of a new ""parent-porn"" website. His obsession pulls him tragically into the dark underbelly of the winter city."
"401250 When three young men set off to cross the United States on single-speed fixed-gear bicycles the physical challenge itself is incredibly daunting. But these are not just three tough guys; they ride to raise money and awareness for diabetes and to help disabled Kenyan kids. The film focuses on Adam himself a Type-1 diabetic who has to manage his illness while riding up to 150 miles a day. And it tells the touching stories of two diabetic children the group meets along the way and how they change the men's lives. But the ride has its comical side too: The three are chased by wild dogs in Kentucky ditch their rain-battered tent in Kansas to sleep on picnic tables engage in an insane game of ""foot down"" with a bunch of bikers in Oregon and struggle hilariously to achieve their goal of singing karaoke in all 16 states they pass through on their zigzag 6500-mile journey."
401361 Smoke + Mirrors Live celebrates Grammy Award winners Imagine Dragons' decibel-busting spectacular live show. Capturing one incredible night in Toronto it sees the band rapturously received by a crowd of 15000 screaming fans. The band's phenomenal performance features their multi-platinum hits including Radioactive I Bet My Life Shots Gold and Demons as well as fan favorites from their first two records and the never before played live Thief.  The Smoke + Mirrors tour has seen the band play 110 dates in 42 countries on 5 continents. Smoke + Mirrors Live perfectly encapsulates the band's hugely successful transition to arena shows fusing multi-sensory production with an intimate fan experience to create an atmosphere that can only be described as electric. Directed by Dick Carruthers (Led Zeppelin The Killers Oasis Beyoncé) this concert film offers a one-of-a-kind experience for fans of their sensational live show.
401981 Prima ballerina Dominika Egorova faces a bleak and uncertain future after she suffers an injury that ends her career. She soon turns to Sparrow School a secret intelligence service that trains exceptional young people to use their minds and bodies as weapons. Dominika emerges as the most dangerous Sparrow after completing the sadistic training process. As she comes to terms with her new abilities she meets a CIA agent who tries to convince her that he is the only person she can trust.
402046 A film which marks the 50th anniversary of England's victory in the 1966 World Cup and uncovers the truth behind the man who led them to it... Bo66y is a powerful dramatic and deeply personal portrait of a genuine footballing icon. Moore fought many battles besides those witnessed by millions on the football field. Behind the glory lies the story of a man who faced highs and lows with the same strength and bravery. But he died young cruelly shunned by the game and by the very people who owed him so much. The story is told by his two wives his friends and fans including Pele Sir Geoff Hurst Harry Redknapp Ray Davies Ray Winstone and Russell Brand and more than 30 others whose words are mixed with as yet unseen archive footage.
402126 Jeff Buckley's soaring falsetto was a beautiful freak and force of nature its legacy still echoing in singers from Thom Yorke to Antony. Approximating the track list from his LP Grace it's as thrilling as the original with devastating performances from 1994 and 1995 that stretch nearly every phrase into cliffhanger improvisatory drama. And to see Buckley in all his self-possessed glory trilling like a diva or waxing profound in a contrived TV interview is to see an artist at his white-light peak.
402159 Mathieu is a marine biologist. He spends his time on his microscope cutting tiny marine organisms corpses. He’s unhappy. His true wish would have been being on the sea. But an event will abruptly change his life : Christine his mother in law runs away.  Attracted by this impulsion and curious to understand her Mathieu starts looking for her. He’s going to find her in a house by the sea and will share the same desire of regaining control of his life.
402163 Put on your sneakers and get ready for the greatest sporting event ever! Join referee Goofy and all your Clubhouse Pals from earth and outer space as they compete in wonderfully wacky games. Share the excitement -- and a sky-high view of the action -- as sportscasters Pete and Donald Duck broadcast live from above in the Sport-y-Thon Blimp! Who will earn a prized Golden Mickey Medal? Help our heroes discover that with teamwork and good sportsmanship everybody wins! Jam-packed with over two hours of song-filled fun MICKEY'S SPORT-Y-THON will have you calling for an instant replay!
"402168 Hitch a ride with MILES FROM TOMORROWLAND and... LET'S ROCKET! Climb aboard the starship ""Stellosphere"" and meet Miles Callisto his loving family and his best buddy Merc a robo-ostrich built for speed friendship and fun! Tasked by the Tomorrowland Transit Authority with connecting the Interstellar Super Highway Miles and his tech-savvy sister Loretta are ready for anything -- including awesome alien encounters and earthshaking discoveries that celebrate the wonders of outer space. Filled with cosmic surprises super-cool gadgets and amazing facts verified by science experts this out-of-this-world adventure is a total blast! EPISODE LISTING: ""Runaway Shuttle/Surfin' The Whirlpool"" ""Ocean In Motion/Explorer Exchange"" ""Game On/How I Saved My Summer Vacation"" ""Who Stole The Stellosphere/Rock N' Roll"" ""To The Goldilocks Zone/Hiccup In the Plan"""
402215 The bad boys of rock have celebrated a career that has seen them sell millions of albums and perform thousands of concerts. In Jan. 2014 Mötley Crüe held a press conference announcing their final tour ever complete with a “cessation of touring” agreement prohibiting all future live engagements. The Final Tour ended up being comprised of 164 concerts over two years all ending with a hometown gig at Los Angeles' Staples Center. This New Year’s Eve Celebration was filled with hits like Kickstart My Heart Girls Girls Girls Home Sweet Home and many more. Now for only one night this last ever performance event gives fans front row access. Catch the moments that were buzzed about such as Tommy’s infamous “Crüecifly” drum roller coaster and behind the scene moments that will now just be coming to light.
402297 To this day the mention of Skrillex‘s 2014 Mothership tour brings envy to any unlucky fan who couldn’t make it out to witness the performance in all of its glory. From the immense custom-built stage set up to the incomparable track list venues from San Diego to Miami became Skrillex’s temporary home turf as he crossed back and forth across the United States and Canada.  One of his most noteworthy stops and one that will surely go down in EDM history was at Colorado’s famous Red Rocks Amphitheatre on June 21 2014. Coming as the final destination on the U.S. leg of his tour crowds poured into the rock-enclosed arena for what would soon be remembered as the show of a lifetime.
402301 Having previously investigated the architecture of Hitler and Stalin's regimes Jonathan Meades turns his attention to another notorious 20th-century European dictator Mussolini. His travels take him to Rome Milan Genoa the new town of Sabaudia and the vast military memorials of Redipuglia and Monte Grappa. When it comes to the buildings of the fascist era Meades discovers a dictator who couldn't dictate with Mussolini caught between the contending forces of modernism and a revivalism that harked back to ancient Rome. The result was a variety of styles that still influence architecture today. Along the way Meades ponders on the nature of fascism the influence of the Futurists and Mussolini's love of a fancy uniform.
402436 Imagine eating nothing but traditional authentic Japanese cooking for 12 weeks. What sort of health benefits would this kind of diet have on one's body? In a dieting experiment similar to Supersize Me but towards improving health award-winning actor and comedian Craig Anderson does just this. Through a series of entertaining and educational scenarios filled with culinary secrets and cultural chaos Craig investigates how the traditional Japanese diet along with their active lifestyles results in the Japanese population being the healthiest and longest living people on the planet. Miso Hungry is a light-hearted documentary about one man's journey to find a simple painless path towards a healthier life.
402542 Dusty Rhodes is new at Jefferson High and she sticks out like a... well a cowgirl. Dusty is a real cowgirl from Texas. Her parents are in the U.S. Army: her mother a helicopter pilot and her father a Special Forces Army Ranger. At first Dusty is an outcast but eventually she makes friends with a group that includes Savanah a girl whose father was killed while fighting in Iraq three years earlier. Even though Savanah is kind of Goth and Dusty is all cowgirl they have a special connection and they bond. Dusty gets the school to agree to an Equestrian Drill Team and she enlists her new city slicker friends to join the team. As Dusty and the team practice Dusty deals with the fears that come with her mother fighting in Afghanistan.
402555 This documentary series follows three iconic species — caribou zebra and elephant — on three of the world’s most breathtaking wildlife adventures. Each must overcome immense obstacles from challenging terrain to hungry predators and sheer physical exhaustion. What drives these animals to risk everything in the race of their lives? Using the latest satellite-tagging technology a team of scientists and filmmakers can now track the precise journeys of individual animals witnessing their daily life-and-death decisions first hand as they happen. For the first time we’ll reveal the complete picture of these epic races — the successes the failures and the near misses.
402558 Ukraine in Flames is a documentary produced by Oliver Stone that reveals American and NATO participation in the 2014 coup d'état in Ukraine and its aftermath. The renowned American director who in recent years has made several productions within the genre of political cinema investigates the origins of the current conflict that currently keeps the entire European continent and the entire planet in suspense. In the film Stone interviews among others the former president of Ukraine Vķktor Yanukovych; Russian President Vladimir Putin and former Ukrainian Interior Minister Vitali Zajarchenko.
402618 The film tells two stories apparently very distant are slowly approaching each other. On the one hand is Babarimisa a young man from Benin who suffers from a relentless disease for which seems to have no remedy. Desperate to save his mother Morenike a Yoruba priestess goes to invoke the power of the Orishas gods. Meanwhile in Argentina Shantas is a young offender living in a marginal area tainted by the practices of Umbanda a cult derived from African religions. None of us can even imagine the surprises that come in the destination.
"402736 ""1915 in Armenian Documents"" is a documentary which reveals the history of 1915 when the Ottoman Empire was struggling for its very existence and foes were pressing on all sides. 1915 documents the inhumanity of war and suffering armed rebellion and the demise of an empire during World War I.  Serkan Koc who directed the documentary says 1915 is a factual recounting of events by witness testimony. It is a product of extensive archival research that sheds light on a dark time in history.  Featured testimonies are from: Retired Ambassadors Sukru Elekdag and Nuzhet Kandemir Professor Justin McCarthy Professor Norman Stone Dr. Pat Walsh Dr. Mehmet Perincek and former Turkish Historical Society President Professor Yusuf Halacoglu."
"403106 ""Man in Red Bandana"" is about Welles Remy Crowther an extraordinary 9/11 hero. However how his heroics became known is even more remarkable.  Eight months after the disaster his parents learned about how their son spent his last hour due to an ordinary object ... a red bandana.  This revelation dramatically shifts their perspective on their loss. After hearing his remarkable story and how it unfolds viewers will see how the actions of one man have touched 1000s. This inspirational segment of the film depicts the unique diverse and folklore ways that Welles is honored throughout the United States including in art sports and song.  Even President Barack Obama pays homage to this young man in the film.  Our uplifting ending culminates in the revelation of a secret about Welles that can only be described as ""perfect""."
403114 Rosie Ming a young Canadian poet is invited to perform at a Poetry Festival in Shiraz Iran but she’d rather be in Paris. She lives at home with her over-protective Chinese grandparents and has never been anywhere by herself. Once in Iran she finds herself in the company of poets and Persians all who tell her stories that force her to confront her past; the Iranian father she assumed abandoned her and the nature of Poetry itself. It’s about building bridges between cultural and generational divides. It’s about being curious. Staying open. And finding your own voice through the magic of poetry.  Rosie goes on an unwitting journey of forgiveness reconciliation and perhaps above all understanding through learning about her father’s past her own cultural identity and her responsibility to it.
403216 Veg-O-Rama Jukebox is a DVD exclusive to The Complete Silly Song Collection. 35 Featured Songs:  VeggieTales Theme Song God Is Bigger The Water Buffalo Song The Forgiveness Song Love Your Neighbor I Can Be Your Friend The Hairbrush Song Good Morning George Stand Up! Dance of the Cucumber Big Things Too Love My Lips Oh Santa! The Pirates Who Don't Do Anything The Promise Land Keep Walking The Song of the Cebś Stuff-Mart Suite Thankfulness SongHis Cheeseburger The Yodeling Veterinarian of the Alps The Rumor Weed Song I Love My Duck Endangered Love We're Vikings Look Olaf! Larry's High Silk Hat Do the Moo Shoo Erie Canal My Day Belly Button Hope's Song Sport Utility Vehicle The Pirates Who Don't Do Anything (remix) Schoolhouse Polka
403579 Cancer: Few words are more feared. But in her sharply researched deftly humorous message of hope survivor Meghan O’Hara changes the way we think about this terrifying disease showing that it’s time to stop being afraid of cancer and time to make cancer afraid of us. Following her diagnosis O’Hara met neurologist Dr. David Servan-Schreiber who was diagnosed with brain cancer while doing cancer research. Together they explore daily Western behaviors that are linked to 70% of cancer deaths: smoking processed foods stress contaminants and lack of exercise. Narrated and executive produced by Morgan Freeman “The C Word” is an unflinching look at our complacency with cancer culture the vibrant cast of characters who are changing the game and the tools we already have to beat the dreaded scourge of our time.
403586 The extraordinary life of Chickasaw Nation citizen Mary Thompson Fisher is given a heartfelt tribute in this moving look at a culture in transition and the way one woman used her voice to keep Native traditions and stories alive. Raised in Indian Territory Fisher left home to pursue her dream of becoming an actress only to find that her true calling was at home all along. From Chautauquas to Broadway and even the White House Fisher traveled the world performing Native American songs and stories for heads of state American presidents and European royalty. Featuring Chickasaw citizens both in front of and be-hind the camera this touching portrait starring Q’orianka Kilcher (“The New World”) and Graham Greene honors a woman whose own story was the most inspiring one she never told. -TCFF database
403927 The Pulitzer at 100 by Oscar and Emmy winning director Kirk Simon is a ninety-minute independent documentary released in conjunction with the Pulitzer Centennial in April 2016. This film is told through the riveting stories of the artists that have won the prestigious prize. With Pulitzer work read by Helen Mirren Natalie Portman Liev Schreiber John Lithgow and Yara Shahidi; journalists include Carl Bernstein Nick Kristof Thomas Friedman and David Remnick; authors include Toni Morrison Michael Chabon Junot Dķaz Tony Kushner and Ayad Akhtar; and musicians Wynton Marsalis David Crosby and John Adams also share their stories.
404080 As she readily admits stress beyond comprehension before a live performance Adele gave an amazing concert at the Glastonbury Festival 2016. The event brought together the biggest names in the music scene as Muse or Coldplay who rubbed shoulders more underground artists such as our Christine and the Queens who attended Glastonbury for the first time. It was also a baptism of fire for Adele who as usual has captivated audiences with her powerful voice and her humor so natural. The Hello interpreter offered its fans from his greatest hits in number - Skyfall Someone Like You or Hometown Glory - it was able to mix tracks of 25 his latest opus.
404110 Joy and her family fly to help her mother-in-law Loraine with the difficult move from her home in Louisville Kentucky 600 miles away to a retirement community near the family in Savannah Georgia. But after a mixed-up flight reservation Joy reluctantly agrees to take the trip in Loraine's Oldsmobile. Despite their many differences with adventures at every turn and trapped in the car together they both discover they each may be the best friend they never knew they needed. And realize the love of family is all you need to bridge life's many seasons.
404245 Based on the real story of Tom and Nicola Ray from Rutland. Their perfect life is totally ruined in a single moment after Tom had developed sepsis. While her husband was in coma Nicola gave birth to their second child on the other side of the same hospital. Within a matter of days sepsis would rob Tom of both his arms and legs and left his face severely disfigured. As an ordinary man Tom never put himself at risk — he just woke up two months later in a nightmare a face-off quadruple amputee... This incredible story of survival shows what can be overcome when love is unconditional.
404391 Vijay Kumar Singh lives in a big apartment building with his parents. He and his three male friends are thrilled and intrigued by the arrival of a new family in their neighborhood especially by a young and attractive Shoma Kapoor. To add to this she also gets admitted in the same college as they and all four males attempt to romance her in their own way - and each one believes that he has succeeded. Rumours abound and Shoma's mom comes to know about them resulting in Shoma having a open...
"404478 Amalia and Georg work together at a modest Hungarian perfumerie and have disliked each other from the very beginning. He thinks she's stuck up and she thinks he's arrogant and mean. But each rapturously writes to a lonely hearts pen pal when the workday is done and it doesn't take long for the audience to see that they're in love without realizing it. Originally live-streamed by BroadwayHD then broadcast as an episode of the PBS series ""Great Performances"" (season 45 episode 3)."
404965 The 1916 Battle of the Somme remains the most famous battle of World War I remembered for its bloodshed and its limited territorial gains. What is often overlooked however is the literary importance of the Somme: more writers and poets fought in it than in any other battle in history.  Narrated by Michael Sheen War of Words: Soldier-Poets of the Somme details the experiences of the poets and writers who served in the battle. The work of Siegfried Sassoon Robert Graves David Jones Isaac Rosenberg and JRR Tolkien (who arrived at the Western Front with ambitions to be a poet) was informed and transformed by the battle. Taken together their experiences allow us to see this dreadful historical event through multiple points of view.  The film uses animation documentary accounts surviving artefacts battalion war diaries and the landscape itself to reconnect this literature to the events that inspired it.
405098 Filmed in the elegant surroundings of the 19th century Teatro Sociale in Como Italy this amazing show features MIKA performing all his best-loved songs accompanied by a full orchestra conducted by Simon Leclerc. The show is a perfect fusion of pop and orchestral and includes tracks from his most recent album the critically acclaimed 'No Place In Heaven' alongside hits from across his hugely successful career. As ever MIKA is a charming and amiable host and is clearly in his element interacting with the orchestra and conductor Simon Leclerc. This is a magical performance captured in beautiful surroundings and not to be missed.
405301 The Sacred Triangle enlightens us on how one of the most influential pop stars of the previous century Ziggy Stardust was born. This is the same question Velvet Goldmine a great film by Todd Haynes once tried to answer. Progressing like a detective story The Sacred Triangle investigates the influence Lou Reed and Iggy Pop had to David Bowie’s (then on the verge of a breakthrough) music and stage persona. The section on the Velvet Underground alone is enough of a reason to watch this movie.
405549 The Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra and their Music Director Riccardo Chailly have already acquired legendary status – glorious reviews and many awards for their recordings testifying to their continuing success. At Leipzig’s International Mahler Festival to mark the centenary of Mahler’s death they performed his monumental Second Symphony in the Gewandhaus – together with two marvellous soloists and choral forces quite beyond compare. About the final movement the composer said: “The increasing tension working up to the final climax is so tremendous that I don’t know myself now that it is over how I ever came to write it.” The painting “Morgenrot” was chosen by internationally acclaimed artist Neo Rauch to feature on the cover of this release on DVD and Blu-ray.
"405584 Eric Clapton recorded live at the Budokan in Tokyo December 4th 2001; performing his best tracks and tracks from his then most recent release ""Reptile"".  Track list: (1) Key to the Highway (2) Reptile (3) Got You on My Mind (4) Tears in Heaven (5) Layla (acoustic) (6) Bell Bottom Blues (7) Change the World (8) River of Tears (9) Goin' Down Slow (10) She's Gone (11) I Want a Little Girl (12) Badge (13) I'm Your Hoochie Coochie Man  (14) Five Long Years (15) Cocaine (16) Wonderful Tonight (17) Layla (electric) (18) Sunshine of Your Love (19) Over the Rainbow."
405780 For Leicester City FC and fans of British football in general 2015/16 was the most incredible and historical season that will live forever in the memory.  The Foxes started their campaign as 5000-1 outsiders for the title after narrowly avoiding relegation last season but following the summer appointment of Claudio Ranieri the most remarkable adventure began.  Relive this extraordinary season that saw the Foxes crowned the Premier League Champions with 2 games still to play every goal from every match
405787 Steve Hackett - The Total Experience Live in Liverpool (2016) - Acolyte to Wolflight with Genesis Classics  Setlist: 01.Corycian Fire intro 02. Spectral Mornings 03. Out of the Body 04. Wolflight 05. Every Day 06. Love Song to a Vampire 07. The Wheel's Turning 08. Loving Sea 09.Jacuzzi 10. Icarus Ascending 11. Star of Sirius 12. Ace of Wands 13. A Tower Struck Down 14. Shadow of the Hierophant 15. Get'em Out by Friday 16. Can-Utility and the Coastliners 17. After the Ordeal 18. The Cinema Show 19. Aisle of Plenty 20. The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway 21. The Musical Box 22. Clocks 23. Firth of Fifth  Recorded at the Liverpool Philharmonic Hall on 2015-10-23
405962 Who’s up for a sensual seductive trip with some of the hottest Latin men that have ever graced the Silver Screen? ‘Mexican Men’ collects five of the most accomplished gay shorts from one of the homes of groundbreaking queer cinema. From short encounters emerging love stories and deeply touching connections these short films are sure to stir the heart... and body. Includes: Atmosphere [Atmósfera] (2010); To Live [Vivir] (2003); Tremulous [Trémulo] (2015); Wandering Clouds [Nubes flotantes] (2014); Young Man on the Bar Masturbating with Rage and Nerve [Muchacho en la barra se masturba con rabia y osadķa] (2015).
"406231 CITIZEN SOLDIER is a dramatic feature film told from the point of view of a group of Soldiers in the Oklahoma Army National Guard's 45th Infantry Brigade Combat Team known since World War II as the ""Thunderbirds.” Set in one of the most dangerous parts of Afghanistan at the height of the surge it is a heart-pounding heartfelt grunts' eye-view of the war. A modern day Band of Brothers Citizen Soldier tells the true story of a group of young Soldiers and their life-changing tour of duty in Afghanistan offering an excruciatingly personal look into modern warfare brotherhood and patriotism. Using real footage from multiple cameras including helmet cams these Citizen Soldiers give the audience an intimate view into the chaos and horrors of combat and in the process display their bravery and valor under the most hellish of conditions."
406561 Anne Hamilton-Byrne was beautiful charismatic and delusional. She was also incredibly dangerous. Convinced she was the reincarnation of Jesus Christ Hamilton-Byrne headed an apocalyptic sect called The Family which was prominent in Melbourne from the 1960s through to the 1990s. With her husband Bill she acquired numerous children – some through adoption scams some born to cult members – and raised them as her own. Isolated from the outside world the children were dressed in matching outfits had identical dyed blonde hair and were allegedly beaten starved and injected with LSD. Taught that Hamilton-Byrne was both their mother and the messiah the children were eventually rescued during a police raid in 1987 but their trauma had only just begun.
407171 Lead postal detective Oliver and his associate Shane have been doing a figurative dance with each other swaying back and forth with the possibility of a relationship. Finally on their first date at a romantic supper club Shane begins wondering if it's a date or not as she sees the contrast of their relationship next to the extraordinary dance performances of a couple who express the longing of her heart. As Norman and Rita work alongside each other their personal relationship hits a bump in the road.
407803 What we know today about many famous musicians politicians and actresses is due to the famous work of photographer Harry Benson. He captured vibrant and intimate photos of the most famous band in history;The Beatles. His extensive portfolio grew to include iconic photos of Muhammad Ali Michael Jackson and Dr. Martin Luther King. His wide-ranging work has appeared in publications including Life Vanity Fair and The New Yorker. Benson now 86 is still taking photos and has no intentions of stopping.
408053 The Weight of Chains 2' is a documentary film largely dealing with the effects of the Washington Consensus economic doctrine on the newly established former Yugoslav republics but also with neoliberalism as an economic concept. Through interviews with Noam Chomsky Oliver Stone and many others the author Serbian-Canadian Boris Malagurski attempts to analyze why so many people in the Balkans are disappointed with the systems imposed after the fall of socialism and how capitalism could be improved. Looking at the examples of Ecuador and Iceland the film tries to uncover alternatives to the prevailing orthodoxies of Western economic dictates and help developing nations find their own way to shape their economies and their countries.
"408102 2Eleven is the tale of two brothers hustling to survive in the streets of Detroit. Zo the calm ambitious brother wants nothing more than to give his daughter Natty a better life while Murda the flashy hot tempered brother loves the fast life and even faster money. Two very different brothers with the same occupation committing robberies. Zo Murda and their accomplice Rell start off as small time thieves until Zo links up with a season veteran who gives them the opportunity to catch bigger fish and make more money. Once these ""jack boys"" begin to see a shift in income the differences between Zo and Murda become more apparent. Tempers flare blood is shed and lines are crossed. The more money that is made the more loyalty is tested. This urban drama is sure to leave you thinking."
408112 From the creators that brought you the movie ‘2Eleven’ Mula Films presents to you another classic Detroit blockbuster.  In the soon to be released film “Buffed Up” the plot consist of a group of three college students on a mission to attain one thing… a pair of Cartier frames. With little knowledge on how to get their hands on the glasses the group of college students are eventually forced to steal hustle up the money and even snatch the costly eyewear which leads them into a world of trouble. The directors of this “hood comedy” have collectively recruited a handful of stars and Detroit legends alike such as IceWear Vezzo KC Clark DJ BJ Kash Doll and more to headline this film.
408148 Perception explores the breach of experience that divides us all by glancing into the lives of three individuals: Clarissa a young idealistic photographer who chooses to live as a homeless person on the streets of New York supporting herself meal by meal by selling her photography from a blanket in Central Park; Ralph a successful real estate salesman who struggles for balance against the cut-throat nature of his business; and Tobias a perpetual student who gets fired a lot. Perception journeys through the same season of time from each character's point of view detailing how presumption and mistaken intention leads to great misunderstanding. A moment revisited from another point of view takes new dimension--and the line between protagonist and antagonist blurs.
408237 A retired couple Bernard and Helen Martin inherit a house in rural France. Bernard's father had liberated this same village from the Nazis during the Second World War in a rage-fueled killing spree. This peaceful couple quickly become the target of a cruel gang of street kids who terrorise the village. Plugged into their devices and devoid of empathy they are a new breed of technological psychopath... Bernard and Helen's lives become a living hell as they are harassed and tormented by the gang. When pushed beyond breaking point right or wrong no longer matters survival is everything! Can Bernard live up to his father's legend? And could they live with the consequences? This is the old generation vs the new!
408309 The Wife's Letter is an adaptation of Salvador Dali's artform and an amalgamation with Rabindranath Tagore's short story of the same name. Here the protagonist named X is the personified variable in Mathematics who is suffering from schizophrenia and hence his personality is not constant and varies. In this story a LEAF has been considered to be a constant and X must be equal to that LEAF in order to validate language. This is an attempt to prove that Mathematics does not constitute emotions sentiments and is comprising mere calculations; however one's life cannot be completely manipulated.  Here the protagonist travels through three worlds to discover himself trying to equate himself to the LEAF.
408512 Simon Boccanegra is Verdi's magnificent telling of a humble 14th century Genoan who rises to become Doge of the great city. The plot centers on the political intrigues between Boccanegra (Domingo) and his adversary the aristocratic Jacopo Fiesco and the discovery of his long-lost daughter Amelia. This story though replete with an inevitable tragic conclusion is ultimately one of hope as the two great men are able to rise above their power-driven animosities to ensure peace amongst their beloved Genoa's warring factions and by placing familial and civic love ahead of their own individual desires.
408690 They belong to the armed wing of the PKK the Kurdistan Workers' Party which is also an active guerrilla movement. The mission of these female fighters? Defend Kurdish territory in Iraq and Syria and defeat ISIS (the armed militants of the so-called Islamic State group) all while embodying a revolutionary ideal advocating female empowerment. As filmmaker Zaynź Akyol follows their highly regimented lives seasoned fighters like Rojen and Sozdar openly share with us their most intimate thoughts and dreams. Even as fighting against ISIS intensifies in the Middle East these women bravely continue their battle against barbarism. Offering a window into this largely unknown world Gulīstan Land of Roses exposes the hidden face of this highly mediatized war: the female feminist face of a revolutionary group united by a common vision of freedom.
408793 The Almeida Theatre makes its live screening debut with an explosive new adaptation of Richard III directed by Almeida Artistic Director Rupert Goold with Ralph Fiennes as Shakespeare’s most notorious villain and Vanessa Redgrave as Queen Margaret.  War-torn England is reeling after years of bitter conflict. King Edward is ailing and as political unrest begins to stir once more Edward’s brother Richard – vicious in war despised in peacetime – awaits the opportunity to seize his brother’s crown.  Through the malevolent Richard Shakespeare examines the all-consuming nature of the desire for power amid a society riddled by conflict. Olivier-winning director Rupert Goold’s (Macbeth King Charles III) searing new production hones a microscopic focus on the mythology surrounding a monarch whose machinations are inextricably woven into the fabric of British history.
408814 THE CUP RETURNS TO THE STEEL CITY!  NHL Original Productions provides an all-access pass behind the glass on the bench and into the locker room as the Penguins embark on an unforgettable journey through the regular season and Stanley Cup Playoffs. Led by captain and Conn Smythe trophy winner Sidney Crosby all-star defenseman Kris Letang dynamic center Evgeni Malkin and rookie goaltender Matt Murray - Pittsburgh defeated divisional rivals (New York Rangers and Washington Capitals) eliminated the defending Eastern Conference Champions (Tampa Bay Lightning) and overpowered the Western Conference Champions (San Jose Sharks) en route to hoisting the most coveted trophy in sports - the Stanley Cup.
408862 Artist and filmmaker Philippe Mora (Mad Dog Morgan; The Howling II; Swastika) is producing a graphic novel about his late father Georges widely known in Melbourne as a beloved contemporary art patron and owner of bohemian eateries Mirka Café Café Balzac and the Tolarno Restaurant and Galleries. Less known however is Georges' astonishing history as part of the French resistance during World War II his friendship with renowned mime Marcel Marceau (Philippe's godfather) and how together they saved thousands of Jewish lives with a fiendishly simple trick involving baguettes and mayonnaise.
409069 The Fall tells the remarkable story of a South African barefoot runner an American track-and-field prodigy and the events behind one of the most memorable moments in sporting history – the 1984 LA Olympics. The film charts two journeys from rural South Africa under apartheid and the rolling hills of Southern California to the starting line of the women’s 3000 metres. It uncovers a tale of betrayal and exploitation of the blurred lines between politics media and sport and of the dedication and sacrifice required to compete at the highest level. It’s a story that split governments and divided nations but at its heart is a tale of two young women who despite the turmoil in their lives just wanted to run.
409446 How did a French prophet living in 16th century France predict so many modern day disasters? From the tragic events of 9/11 to recent tsunamis in the Pacific to the Ebola outbreak in 2014–how could one man see so far into the future so accurately? It’s because he had a secret–and now we know what it was. This documentary takes a look at Nostradamus in a whole new light. New innovative analysis gives us the chance to finally crack his cryptic code. The emerging truth is that Nostradamus may indeed have possessed a special gift that made his predictions so accurate but it’s a gift we may all be able to tap into. And of course the question is if he was right about so many things in the past what does the future have in store?
409476 TELL ME SWEET SOMETHING tells the story of Moratiwa an aspiring writer who owns and runs a bookstore in the heart of Johannesburg. The bookstore like her love life is not experiencing much success. This all changes when she meets and falls in love with the unlikeliest candidate in the world Nat a male model who has never read a book in his life and is desperate to be loved for his mind not his body. Against the odds they become romantically involved but then Sashi Nat's now pregnant ex-girlfriend shows up and sets off a chain of romantic complications into motion.
409549 When the groom's oldest friend Cole (Jack Quaid) finds out his best friend Jason (Jared Wernick) is getting married he escapes from the institution he has been incarcerated in and makes a surprise visit to serve as the best man. Something does not seem right between bride Gretchen (Justine Magnusson) and groom. None of their friends seem to fully support the marriage and have secrets of their own. Unresolved about their relationship and endlessly obsessed with the groom Cole stirs up everyone and everything making it a weekend to remember.
409700 This program features three digital short films by Asian filmmakers. Singapore veteran filmmaker Eric Khoo's NO DAY OFF (39 min) records the life of a maid who leaves her husband and baby for Singapore. Darezhan Omirbayev's ABOUT LOVE (38 min) is a bitter love story based on Anton Chekhov's novel in which a lonely math teacher falls in love with her married university classmate. Pen-ek Ratanaruang's TWELVE TWENTY (30 min) depicts the encounters of a man and a woman on a long haul flight where they spend the next twelve hours and twenty minutes reading drinking eating and watching movies and sleeping by each other's side as if they are a married couple.
410142 Lo Sound Desert is a documentary about the Californian Desert music scene which gave birth to bands like Kyuss and Queens Of The Stone Age. What basically started by revolving punk rock kids - hidden from narrow-minded authorities of suburban desert communities in the early 80s became a vibe over the years. The film provides a unique insight into the history of the Coachella Valley music scene: From never-ending jams in the middle of the desert to headlining huge European stages - Desert Rock often misinterpreted as musical genre continued its underground spread and became international treasure. Lo Sound Desert is narrated by Josh Homme Brant Bjork Mario Lalli and many others from bands like Queens Of The Stone Age Kyuss Fatso Jetson Dalis Llama Hornss Fu Manchu etc.
410200 A young junior hockey player's life is shattered by an in-game act of violence. In an instant his life is abruptly turned upside down; torn from the fraternity of the team and the coinciding position of prominence he is cast as a pariah and ostracized from the community. As he struggles with the repercussions of the event desperate to find a means of reconciliation and a sense of identity his personal journey ends up illuminating troubling systemic issues around violence.
410317 Aunt Sally's Christmas Cookie Company is sold to a large conglomerate and executive Hannah must seal the deal and shut down the factory which is the small town of Cookie Jar's lifeblood. What was supposed to be a simple assignment for Hannah becomes complicated when she meets Jake the factory owner who's determined to keep the factory in town. Despite not being a fan of the holiday the Christmas spirit in this small town is infectious and she gets swept up in the joy of the season while also falling in love with Jake.
410367 Travelling to the Arctic for the first time Carmen arrives in Iqaluit to tend to her husband Gilles a construction worker who has been seriously injured. Trying to get to the bottom of what happened she strikes up a friendship with Noah Gilles' Inuk friend and realizes they share a similar story. Together Carmen and Noah head out on the Frobisher Bay - she looking for answers to her questions; he trying to stop his son from committing what can't be undone.
410534 It can be said that the history of man is the history of the horse. Nowhere is that more true than in Poland with their beloved Arabian horse. This is the strange unexpected story of far-flung lands as disparate as Egypt and the long-suffering Slavic kingdom of Poland coming together in war and in peace and influencing one another through the living history written on the backs of centuries of horses. This breathtaking film documents the unlikely triumphant story of Poland's entrance onto the world stage via their worldwide influence on the breeding of one animal; how a beleaguered nation rose up to become the pinnacle of Arabian horse breeding coming full circle from desert sands to the hallowed halls of Europe.
410845 Billy Yeager is a musician singer-songwriter filmmaker activist humanitarian and an all around living breathing performance artist. He has written and recorded over 2600 songs produced 6 films and been discovered many times by several well known artists yet most of his works are extremely hard to find and are considered to be very valuable by serious collectors but if it can't change the world the artist wants no part of it. Turning his back on the music and film industries Yeager retreats into the desert to make his films and create his music.
410935 Raising Bertie is a longitudinal documentary feature following three young African American boys over the course of six years as they grow into adulthood in Bertie County a rural African American-led community in Eastern North Carolina. Through the intimate portrayal of these boys this powerful vérité film offers a rare in-depth look at the issues facing America's rural youth and the complex relationships between generational poverty educational equity and race. The evocative result is an experience that encourages us to recognize the value and complexity in lives all too often ignored.
"411237 Christo Roppolo claims to have been videotaping and communicating with UFOs around Monterey CA for several years. He contacted filmmaker Justin Gaar in 2013 to begin creating a film about his sightings. Skeptical of the footage but intrigued by Christo's eccentricities and wild stories Justin begins spending time with Christo hunting UFOs along California's beautiful central coast. When a crop circle appears in Monterey County and becomes international news Christo is validated in his belief of alien contact and Justin shocked begins investigating the source of the crop circle and how Christo knows beyond a doubt that he's being contacted by his ""brother's from space."""
411277 Oomura Takeshi is one unlucky fellow. He has has this case of bad luck ever since he was little. One day while on his normal runs with bad luck he meets an Angel named Elle and he finds out that his father wished the curse of bad luck upon him. Takeshi has the oppurtunity to pass on the curse but accepts it to save a young girl. For his noble act Elle becomes human and lives with Takeshi to protect him from the curse which is something Takeshi isn't particularly happy with.
411545 A young teenage girl Katie can not snap out of her depression after losing her mother. Katie has lost interest in school her friends and gymnastics. All that changes in the summer when she is asked to monkeysit Gibby her science teacher's Capuchin monkey. Taking care of the monkey changes her life in a big way. Gibby's happy-go-lucky personality renews Katie's zest for life. Gibby helps her with gymnastics renewing friendships (including finding a potential boyfriend) and overcoming her nemesis a mean girl who is out to beat Katie at everything.
"411670 Extreme Championship Wrestling is back with a vengeance. After a four-year hiatus the maniacal Paul Heyman and his band of Extremists have returned delivering the ""anything goes"" Extreme Rules matches that sports-entertainment fans have come to love. ECW: Extreme Rules will deliver some of the best matches of today mixed with incredible early ECW matches that set the standard. This two-disc collection is hosted by Tazz and Joey Styles and includes their alternate commentary of the legendary Extreme Death Match between Tazz and Sabu from Living Dangerously 1999 to unify the FTW and ECW championships. Also Tommy Dreamer and Jonathan Coachman provide alternative commentary of the jaw-dropping Scaffold Match between Dreamer and Brian Lee from High Incident 1996."
411701 Generation Startup takes us to the front lines of entrepreneurship in America capturing the struggles and triumphs of six recent college graduates who put everything on the line to build startups in Detroit. Shot over 17 months it's an honest in-the-trenches look at what it takes to launch a startup. Directed by Academy Award winner Cynthia Wade and award-winning filmmaker Cheryl Miller Houser the film celebrates risk-taking urban revitalization and diversity while delivering a vital call-to-action-with entrepreneurship at a record low the country's economic future is at stake.
"411883 Famous For Being Famous is a 150 minute found footage compilation film comprised of clips from the internet (archive interviews and paparazzi clips) showcasing Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian's meteoric rise to fame. In 2005 Paris Hilton was the most googled item in the world and defined what it means to be a celebrity in the new millennium. Today Paris has launched her brand on an international level while Kim Kardashian has dominated US headlines and amassed 50 million Instagram followers. Our culture has always been fascinated with elite members of society but with the power of social media and reality television more people than ever can obtain fame. Why is our culture so obsessed with these figures? Are the Kardashians destined to fade into obscurity or will they be able to turn their ""15 minutes of fame"" into 30?"
411999 Ren Amari is the driven inventor of a revolutionary new drug. OtherLife expands the brain's sense of time and creates virtual reality directly in the user's mind. With OtherLife mere seconds in real life feel like hours or days of exciting adventures. As Ren and her colleagues race around the clock to launch OtherLife the government muscles in to use the drugs as a radical solution to prison overcrowding. They will create virtual cells where criminals serve long sentences in just minutes of real time. When Ren resists she finds herself an unwilling guinea pig trapped in a prison cell in her mind. She must escape before she descends into madness and then regain control of OtherLife before others suffer the same fate.
412124 The sun is setting and we see Dave an artist at the Laundromat. Fretting over his wife's ticking clock Dave happens upon Ruby a tempestuous beauty on the run with a mean-looking baby on her arm while toting a gun. Thus begins a series of capers that revolve around the helpless yet testy baby a strapping town sheriff a gun-loving bounty hunter and a snitching clown. All are involved in an ever-twisting plot in a quest for ownership of the baby Lloyd. The all night journey ultimately provides all characters their unsought solutions towards the lives they've been wanting.
412191 When it was announced in May of 2016 that lead singer Gord Downie had been diagnosed with terminal brain cancer the band decided that they would do one final run of 15 dates across Canada.  A National Celebration was the final show of the Tragically Hip's Man Machine Poem Tour recorded on August 20th 2016 at the K-Rock Centre in their home town of Kingston Ontario.  Originally aired live by CBC across all platforms the concert was experienced by an estimated one-third of Canadians among the biggest events in the country's broadcast history.
412443 Isolated from the rest of the world since the time of the dinosaurs New Zealand’s magnificent wildlife has been left to its own devices for 80 million years with surprising consequences. This series reveals New Zealand’s rich and intriguing wildlife stories from the bustling communities of penguins hiding away in giant daisy forests to the kakapo – Earth’s only species of flightless nocturnal parrots. New Zealand was also the last place to be discovered and settled by people who brought with them new animals like merino sheep and new predators like the stoat. Finally the series meets the pioneering conservation heroes who are fighting to save some of its most endangered species.
"412489 Director Francesco Carrozzini creates an intimate portrait of his mother Franca Sozzani the legendary editor-in-chief of Italian Vogue. From the ridiculous to the sublime her astonishing but often controversial magazine covers have not only broken the rules but also set the high bar for fashion art and commerce over the past 25 years. From the legendary “Black Issue"" and the “Plastic Surgery issue"" Sozzani remains deeply committed to exploring subject matter off limits to most in order to shake up the status quo and occasionally redefine the concept of beauty."
412518 Following both the death of her father-in-law and a divorce Jesse a New Yorker returns to a small town to live with her now widowed mother-in-law.  Jesse struggles to fit in with the local townsfolk who don’t welcome her with open arms to say the least.  Jesse becomes acquainted with the local pastor her widowed brother-in-law falling in love with him much to the dismay of the community. Things get even more complicated when her ex-husband comes calling suspiciously trying to win her back.  Between her love life and entangled in-laws Jesse is tested as she seeks the answer to where she truly belongs.
"412543 If you put everything about the 80s in a blender then somehow ran the resulting smoothie through a translator that only speaks languages from another dimension what you’d wind up with still wouldn't be half as hilarious weird and oddly charming as Miami Connection.  It's 1987 and the Biker Ninjas behind the Miami drug trade are finding themselves facing the newest heroes in town: the Taekwondo-loving rock band Dragon Sound! They'll focus all of their black belt skills alongside performing their hit songs ""Friends"" and ""Against the Ninja"" at a popular Orlando night club - to end the threat of Ninja Biker violence once and for all!"
412605 In 2009 John Jones entered Nutty Putty Cave with his brother Josh. What happened next has been a topic of much discussion and controversy ever since. Over 127 rescuers responded to the call for aid and each one has their own take on the events. A story about love life and human connection. Ultimately it is the story about how clearly you can see what matters most when you are at the edge of life and death. Made with cooperation from members of John's immediate family.
"412636 The film that Michael Janusonis of the Providence Journal claims ""is not to be missed"" is an exhilarating ride; a poignant and often hilarious look at one of New England's great landmarks. YMBTT takes you all the way back to 1847 to the early beginning of Rocky Point Park then flies fast like a roller coaster to its current demolished state. Along the way we meet colorful and insightful characters who rode the rides who ran the rides and who kept the park running for all those years. You'll see hurricanes and Presidents the Yo-Yo and the Flume and you'll just about be able to taste those clam cakes and that chowder from the World's Largest Shore Dinner Hall."
412734 For years Julius Arile and Robert Matanda thrive among the bands of warriors that terrorize the North Kenyan countryside. So when both warriors suddenly disappear from the bush many assume they are dead or have been arrested. Instead they trade in their rifles for sneakers—in the hopes of making it big as professional marathon runners. Years of fleeing from the police have prepared the men for running marathon distances but do they have what it takes to overcome the corruption mistrust and jealousy that threaten to derail their careers?
412974 Aimie Roarke is always up for a cause and when the town’s beloved Oak tree is set to be cut down she takes it upon herself try and save it. When the Mayor hires a handsome new landscaper to cut it down she decides the only way to save the tree is to chain herself to it. As Kyle attempts to wait her out and the two start to spend more time together they may find the Old Tree brings them both more than they could have imagined in life and love.
413138 Traveling Route 66 a charismatic preacher Reverend Johnny Jones and his seductively beautiful Latina girlfriend Rebecca find their lives spiraling out of control as they travel from small town to small town; running their scam on the churches they encounter along the mother road. He's able to convince people he has the power to heal their illnesses and solve their most dreadful life experiences. But what the couple think is their scam begs the question does he really have the power? It's a question that haunts him and only intensifies his inner demons. Scarred for life his childhood abuse from his evil father won't soon go away. He finds temporary refuge at the bottom of each bottle of tequila and endless grams of cocaine that goes up his nose. His childhood demons will not subside neither will his vices. In the end his powers serve as a blessing and a curse. Hang on tight while we follow this perilous couple's journey into the abyss of miracles and tragedy.
"413214 Based on the best selling book by Nik Ripken The Insanity of God is the personal and lifelong journey of an ordinary couple from rural Kentucky who thought they were going on just your ordinary missionary pilgrimage but discovered it would be anything but. After spending over six hard years doing relief work in Somalia and experiencing life where it looked like God had turned away completely and He was clueless about the tragedies of life the couple had a crisis of faith and left Africa asking God ""Does the gospel work anywhere when it is really a hard place? It sure didn't work in Somalia."
413322 Secret Service Agent Karan Menon (Kay Kay) has been assigned the task of penetrating the gang and winning the confidence of underworld don Shastri (Vallabh Vyas). Karan does so with ease however problems arise when he falls for Shastri's deputy's Girish (Prashant Narayan) sister Padmini (Jaya Seal). He then starts to sympathize with Shastri and Girish and attempts to convince his Department in vain. His Department assumes that he is now a out of control rogue agent and he stops getting any support from them. And at the same time he must face the wrath of Shastri and Girish when they find out that they have been harboring a policeman in their midst.
413440 Competing bakery owners Faye McKenzie and Lydia Harper have been feuding for years with the  Lake Shore County Harvest Festival’s annual pumpkin pie bake-off at the center of it all. The winner not only gets bragging rights and a trophy but a substantial boost to her business as well. This year however the women are passing the torch to their respective children Casey and Sam and when romantic sparks fly between them this bake-off promises to be one to remember.
413441 When Frankie Baldwin and Nate Deluca both have a claim to ownership of Sorrento Farm they are forced to divide the vineyard right down the middle and work the fields alongside each other to bring in the harvest leading up to the Best Wine competition at the annual Autumn Harvest Festival -- only this rivalry won't be settled in the fields because in spite of their contentious bickering the simplest way to settle this particular legal dispute is with a romance.
413453 Dr. Raymond Forrester professor of psychology at UCLA takes student and Hollywood starlet Dorothy Crowder to a Malibu hotel of questionable reputation. The two ingest LSD sent in a mysterious package to Forrester and become some of the first Americans to go on a psychedelic experience. The experience takes a turn for the deadly during New Year's Eve 1960 and now the duo must rediscover reality or be trapped in an endless cycle of sex drugs and murder in 'paradise.'
413644 Teenage outsider Adam sets out on an epic and daring quest to uncover the mystery behind his long-lost dad only to find out that he is none other than the legendary Bigfoot! He has been hiding deep in the forest for years to protect himself and his family from HairCo. a giant corporation eager to run scientific experiments with his special DNA. As father and son start making up for lost time after the boy's initial disbelief Adam soon discovers that he too is gifted with superpowers beyond his imagination. But little do they know HairCo. is on their tail as Adam's traces have led them to Bigfoot!
413687 Sarah a morose harpist in the Jerusalem Philharmonic Orchestra is married to Abraham the charismatic conductor of the group. They have no children. When Hagar a young horn player from East Jerusalem joins the Orchestra Sarah's world erupts. A unique friendship evolves between the two women. Hagar feeling Sarah’s pain from not having children offers to have a baby for Sarah. Ismail born to Hagar and Abraham is a wild and gifted pianist whom Sarah raises as her own. When Ismail discovers the true identity of his mother his world – and that of those around him – falls apart. Harmonia maintains the unique essence of the biblical story from Genesis and adds a personal and human perspective.
413689 20 years celebration set list:  1- Subhuman 2:25  2- Supervixen 7:23  3- Queer 10:58  4- Girls Don´t Come 16:30  5- Haven Is Wide 22:07  6- Butterfly Collector 27:16  7- Not my Idea 31:04  8- Driving Lesson 35:09  9- Milk 39:07  10- Fix Me Now 43:23  11- My Lovers Box 48:03  12- Sleep 52:14  13- Vow 54:26  14- Dog New Tricks 1:00:08  15- Stroke of Luck 1:04:03  16- Only Happy when it Rains 1:09:00  17- Stupid Girl 1:13:19  18- #1 Crush 1:18:00  19- Kick My Ass 1:29:10  20- Trip My Wire 1:31:36  21- Bad Boyfriend 1:37:39
413788 Stockholm My Love is a city symphony a love letter to Stockholm the fiction debut of director Mark Cousins and the acting debut of musician Neneh Cherry. It follows one woman's footsteps through the streets of her native city on a journey of recovery from a bad thing that happened to her exactly one year before. It's an exploration of grief identity and the power of architecture and urbanism to shape lives and a celebration of the power of walking and looking to make us all feel just a little bit better. With new music by Neneh Cherry old music by Benny Andersson (of ABBA) and Franz Berwald and images by Christopher Doyle and Mark Cousins.
413812 The Sad & Beautiful World of Sparklehorse is a film about Mark Linkous singer-songwriter and founder of the alternative rock band Sparklehorse. A cult and hugely influential figure in the alternative music scene the critically-acclaimed Linkous had a dramatic life that saw him battle with drug and alcohol addiction paralysis and debilitating depression that resulted in his eventual suicide. Mark's music was heralded by his peers and critics; a mix of delicate pop discordant punk and melodic odyssey; it has been described as defiantly surrealist with all manner of references to smiling babies organ music birds and celestial bodies. The film mines Marks life and music and navigates the sacrifices and highs and lows of his art.
414180 Manon Lescaut's production was updated and it worked. Highly professional production with two of the best performances I've ever witnessed in any opera. By the end of the third act I was crying and by the end of the fourth act I could not stop the tears. These two can not only sing up a storm they act one as well. This is the best Manon Lescaut I've ever seen and hope the upcoming one at the Met is as good. It truly was thrilling. Kaufmann and Opolais were unbelievably fantastic and the orchestra was superb. Pappano is the kind of maestro you want to sing for as he coaches as in the old days of maestros like Levine etc. This is highly recommended as a keeper!
414208 The Borneo Case is a unique story filmed over 25 years and tells the epic tale of how the rainforest home of the last nomads was stripped of its natural resources. It reveals how billions of dollars of illegal profits solicited by the Chief Minister of Sarawak State in Malaysia were money laundered with the assistance of the largest global banks into offshore accounts and property portfolios all over the world. The case was labelled as the largest environmental crime of the century.
414223 With her parents away for the summer fun-loving young Princess Alise must spend her time with Queen Uberta training to be the perfect proper royal...But what she really wants is to become a swashbuckling pirate! Princess Alise sets sail with Lord Rogers Jean-Bob the frog and Speed the turtle on a bold high seas journey filled with amazing adventure danger and discovery. After a shipwreck leaves the brave crew stranded on a wild mysterious island they meet Lucas a young boy who has been living in seclusion. Now the faithful friends must work together to escape the island and the ferociously hungry creatures that dwell there.
"414260 When ""Star Trek"" first aired in 1966 it expanded the viewers' imaginations about what was possible in their lifetimes. Today many of the space-age technologies displayed on the show like space shuttles cell phones and desktop computers have already gone from science fiction to science fact. Other innovations like warp drive teleportation and medical tricorders are actively in development. Join us as we celebrate the 50th Anniversary of ""Star Trek"" - a show that continues to inform enrich and inspire."
414767 San Francisco homicide detective Maggie Price and former world-class chef Henry Ross are on the case once again. The crime-solving odd couple investigates the murder of Henry’s friend a well-known local chef found dead in his kitchen. As they begin to unravel an old family secret Maggie has to stay one step ahead of a mysterious man in the shadows who appears to be stalking her while her blossoming relationship with Henry is threatened by the arrival of an ex-love from Maggie’s past.
414955 Live from the Smoky Mountain Palace in Pigeon Forge TN  Now in its fourth season Cirque de Chine continues to mesmerize audiences with strength skill grace romance and illusion!  It is fantasy danger and playful all in one!  Cirque de Chine presents the best acrobatic troops from China in a fast-paced and at times breathtaking show.  High-flying action ballet inspired performances and five flying motorcyclists in a 26-foot steel ball represent a few of the many different acts you will see on this incredible DVD.
414968 On the morning of December 26 1996 parents John and Patsy Ramsey awoke to find a ransom note for their missing 6-year-old daughter JonBenét before her brutally beaten and lifeless body was found in the basement of their home. Despite media storms family accusations false confessions intruder theories and a grand jury hearing the case has been unsolved for 20 years. Now A&amp;E reveals never-before-seen case details including the first sit-down interview with John Ramsey marking the 20th anniversary of her brutal death an interview from 1998 with JonBenét’s older brother and exclusive and stunning DNA evidence that sheds new light on swirling allegations that the killer may have been be a family member.
"415421 This version of ""The Nutcracker"" gives the classic ballet a tragic spin with Masha (instead of Clara) now the unloved unappreciated daughter of the Town Council President. At a Christmas party Masha is given a seemingly alive Nutcracker by her Uncle Drosselmeyer and Masha instantly is enchanted with it. The toys come to life at midnight and after Masha helps the Nutcracker defeat attacking mice he takes her to his kingdom where he is later revealed to be a handsome Prince. The Prince and Masha fall deeply in love but their ""happy ending"" has a morbid twist not found in any other ""Nutcracker""."
415422 Chef Dave Oberlin's  career is in shambles when his altercation with a famous food critic goes viral. After being blacklisted by the elite restaurants Dave is forced to take a teaching position at his friend's culinary arts school. When cardiologist Nina Kirby is up for a promotion at the local hospital the Head of Cardiology informs her if she gets Dave on board to teach the Healthy Living seminars she would be a shoo-in for the position. The only problem is Nina can't cook and she doesn't want to learn. With a little coaxing from her best friend Olivia Nina agrees to take Dave's class. When Nina presents Dave with the Healthy Living seminars he's disinterested in working with her due to her lack of class participation. In her effort to persuade him to get on board Nina and Dave come across some unexpected common ground.
"415614 The Busted Live DVD A Ticket For Everyone follows the Live CD album of the same name and features concert footage of all the band's hits from their previous 2 million-selling studio albums Busted & A Present For Everyone. Recorded live from the Manchester leg of their arena tour earlier this year the on-stage footage is accompanied by amongst others bonus material including a band documentary screensavers and videos to several of Busted's biggest hits. Includes the live version of current single ""She Wants To Be Me""."
416140 Two disconnected English brothers are ostracized in a small village in the west of Ireland. Drawn back together by the unexpected and mysterious death of their father they are immediately at odds until they find a girl dumped still alive in the moors. What follows is a bizarre turn of events both beautiful and surreal as the two brothers search for their own resolutions. At times both a love story and a tragic tale the story is inspired by a piece in John Steinbeck's East of Eden.
"416664 There is nothing left of the American dream on the Nine--a solemn destination a resting place for those who have relinquished the dream. Modesto is a city that lies in California's Central Valley a region devastated during America's Great Depression. Modesto's notorious South Ninth Street (""the Nine"") is a no man's land where the rules of polite society do not apply. The people living along the Nine form a ravaged micro community whose Darwinian existence is a day to day hustle and survival is by any means necessary."
416813 The “digital revolution” reached the cinema late and was chiefly styled as a technological advancement. Today in an era where analog celluloid strips are disappearing and given the diversity of digital moving picture formats there is much more at stake: Are the world’s film archives on the brink of a dark age? Are we facing the massive loss of collective audiovisual memory? Is film dying or just changing? CINEMA FUTURES travels to international locations and together with renowned filmmakers museum curators historians and engineers dramatizes the future of film and the cinema in the age of digital moving pictures.
"417367 Embark on a magical journey through time with Boys On Film 15: Time & Tied — featuring a brand new selection of sensational gay British short films that showcase some of the UK's best emerging talent. This compilation features nine complete films:  Lloyd Eyre-Morgan's ""Closets"" starring Tommy Knight and Ceallach Spellman; Brian Fairbairn & Karl Eccleston's ""Putting On The Dish"" starring Steve Wickenden and Neil Chinneck; Mitchell Marion's ""G O'Clock"" starring Marc Rovira Cenar and Phillip Weddell; Charlie Parham's ""Nightstand"" starring Nicholas Gleaves and Amrou Al-Kadhi; Simon Anderson's ""Morning Is Broken"" starring Matthew Tennyson Nigel Allen and Jack Hawkins; Tom Frederic's ""Sauna The Dead: A Fairy Tale"" starring himself and Kumar Muniandy; Leon Lopez's ""CrossRoad"" starring Marc Rovira Cenar Ashley Campbell and Calum Ewan Cameron; Jake Graf's ""Dawn"" starring Nicole Gibson and Harry Rundle; and Kristen Bjorn's ""Trouser Bar"" starring Denholm Spurr Scott Hunter and Zac Renfree."
417700 Up atop Mount Kungang humans and animals live peacefully. The one day a hunter wounds a fawn. By chance a young man Mudal happens to be nearby and chases the hunter away and cures the animal. But as the animal heals Mudal wishes that he wasn't always alone and how even the sweet sound of his flute cannot cheer his spirits nor provide him much company. So the fawn leads him to a secret part of the Enchanted Mountain where the eight beautiful female fairies have gathered and without intending to do so Mudal falls in love with Arang one of the eight fairies and the daughter of the Emperor.
418293 There is no God. Now what? If this is the only life we have how does that affect how we live our lives how we treat each other and cope with death. As a follow-up to one of Kickstarter’s most successful publishing projects photographer and filmmaker Chris Johnson introduces us to some of the many voices from his book. In this fascinating documentary — learn the stories behind the book in interviews with some of our greatest thinkers. Join Chris as he explores issues of joy &amp; meaning and travels around the globe meeting people from all walks of life and backgrounds who challenge the false stereotypes of atheists as immoral and evil. From Daniel Dennett and A.C. Grayling to Julia Sweeney and Robert Llewellyn —learn the various ways many atheists have left religion to a better life filled with love compassion hope and wonder.
418327 For siblings Brie Daniel Crew and Jess family has always come first. But when Crew (Daniel DiTomasso) invites his girlfriend Sara (Kate French) into the family distrust begins to bubble between the siblings. Seeing Sara as a threat Brie (Fiona Dourif) grows spiteful and increasingly suspicious that she is being replaced. That is until the night Crew attempts to murder her in their family house.  Traumatized Brie is sent to a mental facility where she is tormented by hallucinations of Crew from the night of the attack. But when the visions begin to bleed into reality Brie starts to fear that it’s not just her sanity that’s in danger and she flees the facility. In a frantic attempt to return to her remaining siblings and warn them Brie begins to uncover a trail of gory sinister secrets that lead her to believe that she might not know her family as well as she thought.
"418528 An ordinary funeral procession moves along its path from church to cemetery. Observing you slip from reality into a place where time has lost its linearity looping through the odd images thrown off by a distorted reality. Images of non-existence of varying reflections of death issuing from both past and future concrete yet abstract horrible yet desirable. A family asks a young psychiatrist to be their guest for a while to untangle the circumstances of their father's illness. He's developed a suicidal fixation for ropes and knots among other things. While deeply involved in analyzing the patient's delirium the doctor begins to lose track of what is taking place. The task of ""how to help"" is twisted into ""who am I? Doctor or patient? Chance guest member of this suffering family or a catholic priest who has dreamed this all up?"" In order to get a handle on it all it's best to start from the beginning but why do things keep shifting changing?"
418693 Recounts the dramatic story of the April 2013 terrorist attack at the Boston Marathon through the experiences of individuals whose lives were affected. Ranging from the events of the day to the death-penalty sentencing of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev the film features surveillance footage news clips home movies and exclusive interviews with survivors and their families as well as first responders investigators government officials and reporters from the Boston Globe which won a Pulitzer Prize for its coverage of the bombing. In the wake of terrorism a newlywed couple a mother and daughter and two brothers - all gravely injured by the blast - face the challenges of physical and emotional recovery as they and their families strive to reclaim their lives and communities.
418703 The Legacy Project tells the fate of the World War II heavy cruiser USS Indianapolis using exclusively first-person accounts. The last crew and their families share gripping stories of kamikaze attacks invasions a secret mission and ultimately a devastating torpedo attack that killed three fourths of the crew. The survivors recall the 5 days they spent floating alone in the Pacific Ocean their miraculous rescue and how they fought together to clear their captain's name. Start to finish this feature-length film flows from survivor to survivor as they finish each other's sentences. Set to a completely original score the incredible story unfolds while rare WWII footage a collection of previously unpublished photographs open-ocean reenactments and new footage from one of the last WWII era heavy cruisers in existence.
419148 When the executives at Heartstrings Press wants to drop Michael Rothchild’s next romance book junior editor Dori Shephard argues her way into working as the lead editor. But Dori’s dream job becomes her nightmare as she realizes Michael isn’t everything she imagined. Dori breaks the news to Michael that the executives think he’s an ill-mannered washed up novelist and want to terminate his contract. Not wanting to be dropped from Heartstrings Press Michael agrees to work with Dori for 30 days. While Dori wrestles with Michael’s languorous behavior she’s also in the midst of planning her wedding to her fiancé Philip. However things go awry for Dori when work becomes an obstacle in her relationship. Dori must learn what true love really means before it’s too late.
419152 Conviction: Murder at the Station follows a team of experts as they investigate whether evidence exists that could challenge the conviction of a man in prison for a murder he denies. Every year over 500 people in the UK are convicted of murder. A guilty verdict can only be challenged if new evidence comes to light - and less than 1% of cases are ever overturned. Inside Justice is a specialist charity led by Louise Shorter supported by a panel of criminal lawyers ex-police officers and forensics experts who offer assistance to prisoners who are protesting their innocence. In this series we meet Louise as she investigates a case looking for evidence that could present grounds to bring an appeal - and ultimately overturn the conviction of a Southampton man in prison for the murder of his secret lover.
419354 On October 15 1988 Notre Dame hosted the University of Miami in what would become one of the greatest games in college football history. It was tradition vs. swagger the No. 4-ranked Fighting Irish versus the No. 1-ranked Hurricanes one coaching star Lou Holtz versus another Jimmy Johnson. But the name still attached to the contest came from a t-shirt manufactured by a few Notre Dame students: “Catholics vs. Convicts.” As compelling as the tale of Notre Dame’s dramatic victory is—even losing quarterback Steve Walsh calls it “a helluva ballgame”—the backstory is just as riveting.
419484 In the middle of an economic crisis in the shadow of Wall Street an institution that represents a less well-known American tradition is booming. The Park Slope Food Coop: a cooperative supermarket where all 16000 members work 3 hours per months to earn the right to buy the best food in New York at incredibly low prices. The success of this cooperative is a bad new for capitalism and aggro-alimentary business and an opportunity to change the food production and distribution systems. We will see what has become of the Park Slope Food Coop now a well-rooted institution in the heart of Brooklyn: the way it functions its hundreds of rules the diversity and eccentricity of its members. We'll see how the culture that has been created at the coop gives its members daily visceral lessons in democracy how this could represent a potential change in mentality for Americans faced with increasingly difficult economic times.
"419709 Thirty years after serving together in the Vietnam War Larry ""Doc"" Shepherd Sal Nealon and the Rev. Richard Mueller reunite for a different type of mission: to bury Doc's son a young Marine killed in Iraq. Forgoing burial at Arlington National Cemetery Doc and his old buddies take the casket on a bittersweet trip up the coast to New Hampshire. Along the way the three men find themselves reminiscing and coming to terms with the shared memories of a war that continues to shape their lives."
420549 Wendell is trying to make peace with his earthly deterioration in the face of late-stage cancer. His son Josh is fighting it fleeing it denying it. After a five year estrangement father and son are now thrown together in a remote cabin enveloped in the vibrant buzzing crawling redwood forest of Northern California. As Wendell forgives himself of his own inadequacies Josh releases years of pain and anger borne from living under the rigid principles of his father a renowned Buddhist teacher who for decades pretended to be anything but the deeply flawed selfish man he really was....but is he still? Human connection obligation illusion enlightenment love and fear -- it's all up for grabs in this meditative probing tender story of inevitability.
420818 Simba idolizes his father King Mufasa and takes to heart his own royal destiny. But not everyone in the kingdom celebrates the new cub's arrival. Scar Mufasa's brother—and former heir to the throne—has plans of his own. The battle for Pride Rock is ravaged with betrayal tragedy and drama ultimately resulting in Simba's exile. With help from a curious pair of newfound friends Simba will have to figure out how to grow up and take back what is rightfully his.
"420853 Experience an alternative take on attraction with Boys On Film. Bad Romance explores the darker side with a collection of edgy and sexy short films including: Alain Hain's ""Curious Thing"" starring Danny Bernardy and Matthew Wilkas; Christoph Scheermann's ""Cake and Sand"" starring Bartholomew Sammut and Jan Andreesen; Michael Rozanov's ""Watch Over Me"" starring Guy Kapulnik and Davidi Hoffman; Joachim Back's ""The New Tenants"" starring David Rakoff and Jamie Harrold; Kim Jho Gwang-soo's ""Just Friends?"" starring Lee Je-hoon and Yeon Woo-jin; Étienne Desrosiers's ""Mirrors"" starring Xavier Dolan Stéphane Demers and Julie Beauchemin;  Christopher Banks's ""Communication"" starring Rudi Vodanovich and Alexander Campbell; Tomer Velkoff's ""The Traitor"" co-starring Shmulik Goldstein; Christopher Radcliff and Lauren Wolkstein's ""The Strange Ones"" starring David Call Tobias Campbell and Merritt Wever; and Tamer Ruggli's ""Cappuccino"" starring Benjamin Décosterd and Manuela Biedermann."
"420860 Boys On Film's twelfth collection of gay short films exposes private lives uncovers secrets and presents a choice — to conceal or to confess? Volume 12: Confession features nine new stories including: Robert Hawk's ""Home From The Gym"" starring Jake Robbins; Samuel Leighton-Dore's ""Showboy"" starring Lucas Pittaway and Malcolm Kennard; Bobby de Groot and Arjan van Meerten's animated ""Cruise Patrol""; Denis Theriault's ""I Am Syd Stone"" starring Gharrett Patrick Paon and Michael Gaty; Dustin Shroff's ""Deflated"" starring Carson Trinity Haverda and Greg Baglia; Filippo Demarchi's ""Age 17"" starring Fabio Foiada and Ignazio Oliva; Christophe Prédari's ""Human Warmth"" starring Thomas Coumans and Adrien Desbons; Dominic Haxton's ""Tonight It's Me"" starring Jake Robbins Caleb James and Christian Patrick; and Peter Knegt and Stephen Dunn's ""Good Morning"" starring Peter Knegt and Oliver Skinner."
"420876 Boys On Film goes down under to bring a fresh batch of funny and touching tales courtesy of our Aussie and Kiwi cousins while stories of men falling in love from the USA and Hawai'i to Singapore via Korea round out the collection. Volume 6: Pacific Rim contains eight complete films: Craig Boreham's ""Drowning"" starring Miles Szanto Xavier Samuel and Bren Foster; Hannah Hilliard's ""Franswa Sharl"" starring Callan McAuliffe John Batchelor and Diana Glenn; Boo Junfeng's ""The Casuarina Cove"" starring Nick Shen Scott Lei and Yann Yann Yeo; Christopher Banks's ""Teddy"" starring Brian Moore Chris Tempest and Alan Granville; Kim Jho Gwang-soo's ""Love 100°C"" starring Do-jin Kim Jae-won Kwak and Se-Hyun Yun; Sophie Hyde's ""My Last Ten Hours With You"" starring Toby Schmitz and Joel McIlroy; Darcy Prendergast's ""Ron the Zookeeper"" featuring Marc Gallagher and Darcy Prendergast; and Brent Anbe's ""Ajumma! Are You Krazy???"" starring Thea Matsuda Tessie Magaoay and Cari Mizumoto."
421076 Builder Harry Hambridge is a down-on-his-luck paddy living in London. In one day he loses his job father and beloved pet hamster Mouse. On returning home to bury his father he finds a statement from his Grandfather claiming that it was he who raised the flag over the GPO during the 1916 Rising which now hangs upside-down in an army barracks in England. Too long used to the mockery of his life he sets out with his motley crew to find that “fecking flag” and maybe his passion for life along the way.
421118 Discovered at a young age the shy squeaky-voiced Michel'le was plucked straight from South Central Los Angeles and catapulted into the spotlight while riding N.W.A.'s rocket ride of early success. Surrounded by industry visionaries from Eazy-E to Tupack Skaur Michel'le quickly climbed the charts but her musical successes were soon overshadowed by betrayal and corruption. A nearly decade-long romance with the infamous Dr. Dre pushed her into a life tarnished by alcohol drugs and violence until her savior came in the unlikely form of Suge Knight co-founder of Death Row Records and Dre's business partner. Friendship would turn into a courtly romance but the union Michel'le thought they had did not end happily ever after. With children from both men and a career to protect Michel'le's voice became silenced by Compton's biggest power players. Until now.
"421131 It has been five years since Laura and Carmilla vanquished the apocalypse and Carmilla became a bonafide mortal human. They have settled in to a cozy apartment in downtown Toronto Laura continues to hone her journalism skills while Carmilla adjusts to a non-vampire lifestyle. Their domestic bliss is suddenly ruptured when Carmilla begins to show signs of ""re-vamping"" – from a fondness for bloody treats to accidental biting – while Laura has started having bizarre ghostly dreams. The couple must now enlist their old friends from Silas University to uncover the unknown supernatural threat and save humanity – including Carmilla's."
421630 Christmas for Miranda (Krakow) is a painful reminder of the family she never had. Her mother died when she was young never revealing the identity of her father. But three days before Christmas she unexpectedly receives a clue as to the whereabouts that takes her to a beautiful New England town where she meets Ian (Matter) a young man who helps with her search. As the clues lead to her father’s identity and Miranda discovers the possibility of love in Ian and she learns that her father lived in the small town and now she knows his family (her brother and her biological father’s wife). She faces a terrible decision… Should she share the truth and risk losing the family she has just found or leave and keep the secret forever? This Christmas promises to be life-changing for Miranda with a new chance at life and love.
"421675 Charlie Fitzpatrick is the most successful high school basketball coach in Georgia history. While many of his players think of him as a father his relationship with his own ""bookworm"" son Evan is strained. With the help of his wife Laura and Evan's wife Heather Charlie determines the best way to connect and bond is to take his son and grandson Markie who has just announced he's dropping out of college to tour with his folk band to a rustic mountain cabin for a weekend retreat. Only this cabin is the same site where he took his many winning teams to test their mettle over a grueling military-style obstacle course the same one Evan as a student never got the chance to complete. This is Charlie's idea of fun Evan's idea of a nightmare and Markie's idea of-well he's young and idealistic; he's just going with the flow. ."
"421831 A young lawyer living in Los Angeles deals with the trials and tribulations of becoming a famous superheroine and making a film about how all of that came to be. Visited by her cousin Bruce who is on the run from the law Jennifer Walters is shot by thugs hired by the gangster Nick Trask and left for dead. Bruce saves her with an emergency blood transfusion but in the process she takes on his powers and becomes a sensational new heroine. As her own father Sheriff Morris Walters declares war on the green ""monster"" she's become and as Nick Trask declares war on her and her friends Jennifer must decide if she's really the monster they say she is - the sort who would kill Nick Trask - or something entirely new. And she must decide if her blossoming romance with childhood friend Zapper is more important than her future as a superhero."
422373 This program consists of unedited responses to questions presented to G. Edward Griffin by a camera crew creating a documentary on the U.S. Constitution. In this session he answers the most difficult questions imaginable in the fields of political and social science. The depth and clarity of his response is amazing especially considering he is speaking extemporaneously without benefit of script or notes. In an era when many people are just now waking up to the WHAT of current events here are issues for the brain that go far beyond that shallow pool into the deep water of WHY and HOW.
"422412 Over a period of six years director James Bluemel and producer Gordon Wilson followed epileptic alcoholic Nigel (37) from Oxford England who managed to slip through the net of the welfare system for 66 months. Self-mutilation alcohol and childlike delusions mean Nigel is a vulnerable man. In the words of his social worker ""Nigel has been abused financially sexually and emotionally for years."" She's referring to the days when while out ""in the wild"" a man named Robbie took Nigel under his wings. He was like a father to Nigel while at the same time absolutely unfit for the role of caregiver especially because he couldn't keep his hands to himself."
422469 Fully authorized access-all-areas feature doc on the hugely charismatic and globally adored Usain Bolt – officially the fastest man alive. With never-before-seen archive footage of his youth in Jamaica through to original footage that will be captured at his fourth and final Olympic Games in Rio where he will compete for the gold in both the 100 and 200 metres races for a third straight Games before his retirement in 2017. I AM BOLT will reveal the man and define the legacy of this incredible athlete.
422607 On March 21st 2016 a few weeks prior to the release of the Santana IV album the classic line-up of Santana took to the stage at the House Of Blues in Las Vegas.  The show they delivered combined tracks from the new album with the classic hits from the band's first three albums to which Santana IV is the natural successor. This was a hugely anticipated reunion of a line-up that had not performed and recorded together since the early seventies. It brought back the scintillating combination of rock Latin blues jazz and African rhythms which was the band's trademark and made them truly unique. The concert was a celebration of the chemistry dynamism and pure musical joy that had made the original band so special and earned them a place in so many fans hearts. It is a show to be enjoyed over and over again.
423104 Roll up roll up as Edinburgh’s top selling comedian Jason Byrne takes to the road to hot wire your comedy funny bones with his brand new show Cirque du Byrne!  Brought to you by the ringmaster of tom-foolery himself this promises to be an anarchy packed show of acrobatic proportions. Encounter deviously constructed comic spectacle be tamed by on-stage farce and audience interaction and gasp in awe at daring comic stunts as the definitive clown of comedy pushes his riotous show to the edge.  Jason’s inspired original brand of high-energy intelligent lunacy ensures that there is no other comedian like him and his sell out shows have attracted accolades including Chortle Award for Best Headliner 2007 Perrier Newcomer Award Nomination 1998 and Perrier Award Nomination 2001.
423559 Every day with the Octonauts is an exciting opportunity to embark on a new mission! When the Octopod goes in for repairs the Octonauts take a vacation and Peso accompanies Barnacles to help his sister and her new polar cubs learn to navigate the harsh conditions of the frozen arctic. In other episodes Kwazii and Dashi become entangled in a strange deep-sea creature Shellington and the Vegimals replant a mangrove forest in peril and a humpback whale helps the Octonauts track down the key to a treasure chest.
423664 The film which is the second part of an ongoing historical series covers the seminal labor-related events which occurred between the late 1800's and the 1920's. Its subtitle refers to a 1915 song composed by Ralph Chaplin as an anthem for unionized workers. The film itself is the cinematic version of that anthem as it allows us a comprehensive understanding of the need for these early labor unions and the enormous sacrifices of its members to ensure fairness safety and equality in the workplace.
423671 Jennifer Shannon is a garage sale shopping expert whose sharp observation skills allow her to uncover valuable antiques as well as help her local police department investigate crimes. While arranging a charity garage sale event Jennifer finds a body in the attic of a local residence. While working to crack the case Jennifer offers support to her loving husband Jason whose upcoming birthday has sparked a mid-life crisis. As Jennifer prepares to buy him the perfect gift she receives an urgent voicemail from Tina pleading for her immediate assistance. When she responds the garage sale-expert-turned-sleuth finds herself standing face-to-face with a killer.
423891 Lizzie is a young piano teacher working at a music school while trying to save enough money for a Steinway piano. The school is gearing up for their major Christmas fundraiser and she has committed much of her time to plan the event. One afternoon she meets Brad who takes an interest in her playing and asks if she will teach his uninterested teenage daughter. She begins to break through to the young girl and sparks begin to fly with Brad but she is shocked to find out that his interest is not solely in her playing but in the property that houses the music school. She sets out to save the school and the event but can she work things out with Brad?
423893 A harsh TV personality Jennifer needs a break from her own life so she hops into a car and drives to a small town mountain retreat. On her way there a blizzard veers off the road and she crashes. When she comes to she has complete amnesia and a friendly passerby takes her in. As time passes she still doesn’t remember who she is and the friendly passerby a widower himself with three kids assimilates her into his family. But as she slowly starts remembering who she is she prefers the new life she’s built in the small town.
423971 An adaptation of the 1886 musical “Alice in Wonderland: A Dream Play for Children” by Henry Saville Clark and Walter Slaughter Fotopoulos’ feature length film propels the Clark/Slaughter score into the 21st century digital age. Sculptures drawings text and original music are used to explore the late 19th century’s evolution of painting literature and theatre into early photography and moving pictures. The piece probes the interplay of art and science and in exploring these ideas certain lives and themes are touched upon – the relationship between John Ruskin and Lewis Carroll Ruskin’s theories on drawing Thomas Eakins’ painting and his use of photography the burgeoning of early cinema with Eadweard Muybridge and Etienne-Jules Marey notions of amateurism and professionalism in art and the archetype of the condemned artist. The work is presented in two acts remaining faithful to the musical’s original construction based upon Carroll’s narratives.
"424117 Fallen Souls is a tale of a young man's journey from revenge to self-discovery. It creates a new unique genre of the supernatural and draws on time-honored elements of a revenge thriller then travels the difficult journey to understanding faith and unconditional love for god family and self. Dominic a diligent blue collar factory worker husband to the perfect woman and father to a heavenly child lives a humble little life. When he stumbles upon the slain and bloodied bodies of both wife and child in their home Dominic's dream life turns into a nightmare. Grief stricken he takes matters into his own hands and begins a desperate search through Chicago's worst slums to the crest of it's upper society hunting a killer known as the ""Silent Slasher"""
424132 This feature-length documentary film chronicles the final major tour for legendary rock band Rush. It is an intimate view 'under the hood' of a historic moment from the perspective of the band their fans crew and management. Featuring interviews with the band throughout their sold-out 2015 40th Anniversary tour the film also shows rarely seen backstage footage capturing the final moments of life on the road. Highlighted as well is the impact on the band's fans and the world that has been built around the beloved Canadian trio. This is the final touring chapter of a band that has meant so much to so many fans around the world. With narration by Paul Rudd. Feature run time: 1 hour 37 minutes; Bonus content: 67 minutes.
424143 At any given moment hundreds of people are soaring above us in a 747. From the moment the very first jumbo jet took off in 1969 it has been the aircraft against which all others are judged. But its 45-year journey has been anything but smooth. This is the definitive story of the Boeing 747 from its milestones and triumphs to its turning points and disasters. Witness its history through rare archival footage and tales from pilots engineers designers and passengers who were there when it all began.
424289 Iggy Pop's Post Pop Depression album a collaboration with co-writer and producer Joshua Homme from Queens Of The Stone Age is his most critically acclaimed and commercially successful album for many years. On May 13 2016 Iggy Pop brought his Post Pop Depression live show to London's revered Royal Albert Hall and almost tore the roof off! With a backing band including Joshua Homme and Dean Fertita from Queens Of The Stone Age and Matt Helders from the Arctic Monkeys Iggy delivered a set focused almost entirely on the new album plus his two classic David Bowie collaboration albums from 1977 The Idiot and Lust For Life. Fans and critics alike raved about the performance and this will definitely be remembered as one of Iggy Pop's finest concerts.
424496 1. New Order - True Faith 2. Soft Cell - Tainted Love 3. Tears for Fears - Shout 4. ABC - The night you murdered love 5. Camouflage - The great commandment 6. Eurythmics - Sweet dreams (Are made of this) 7. Cyndi Lauper - Time after time 8. Level 42 - Lessons in love 9. Icehouse - Street cafe 10. Yazoo - Don't go 11. Men at work - Who can it be now? 12. Daryl Hall &amp; John Oates - Maneater 13. Eighth Wonder - I'm not scared 14. Fiction Factory - (Feels like) Heaven15. Imagination - Just an illusion 16. Dof - Codo 17. Rio Reiser - Konig von Deutschland 18. United Balls Pogo in Togo19. Living in a box - Living in a box 20. Bangles - Manic monday 21. Big Country - Look away 22. The Hooters - Karla with a k 23. Terence Trent D'arby - If you let me stay 24. Roachford - Cuddly toy 25. Kool &amp; The Gang - Cherish 26. The Pasadenas - Riding on a train 27. Propaganda - Dr. Mabuse 28. Nits - In the dutch mountains etc..
424584 Johnny Thunders was the legendary hard-living rock'n'roll guitarist who inspired glam-metal punk and the music scene in general. 'Looking For Johnny' is a 90-minute film that documents Thunders' career from his beginnings to his tragic death in 1991.  The film examines Johnny Thunders' career from the early 70's as a founding member of the influential New York Dolls; the birth of the punk scene with The Heartbreakers in New York City and London; Gang War and The Oddballs. It also explores Johnny's unique musical style his personal battle with drugs and theories on his death in a New Orleans hotel in 1991 at age 38. The film includes forty songs with historic film of Johnny including unseen New York Dolls and Heartbreakers footage and photos. Cult filmmakers Bob Gruen Don Letts Patrick Grandperret Rachael Amadeo and others contribute classic archive footage.
424662 It began much like the common cold. Yet within a day fever took over black swellings the size of baseballs appeared on the neck and finally a highly contagious bloody cough quickly sealed the victim's fate. During the worst biological disaster in the history of mankind the so-called black death released an indiscriminate fury which shook the very foundations of human order. Religious hysteria began to break out and in desperation frenzied masses scrambled to find a scapegoat. When all was said and done nearly one-third of Europe's population had been completely wiped out and devastated survivors were left to contend with a world forever changed both socially and economically. In this feature-length special THE HISTORY CHANNEL-® investigates the origins of this devastating moment in human history and explores the many questions surrounding the terrifying possibility of a modern-day biological threat.
424822 Life is good for marketing professional Allison she’s well on her way to earning a stellar promotion all while dating equally successful co-worker Bryce. Her biggest rival for the position Vanessa has the boss’ eye but Allison has a plan. To win the promotion she needs to impress her boss Nathan at their annual company retreat. Of course she has a head start since she used to be a camp counselor. The only caveat this year’s trip happens to be the site of Allison’s first heartbreak: her old camp. And who should still be working there but the handsome as ever ex-boyfriend who broke that teenage heart Cody. But was it all a misunderstanding? Allison’s tasked with navigating not only the obstacle course but her relationships…past and present.
424851 Glass Love is a beautiful surfing film which shows all those who see it why surfing is the greatest sport of them all. Featured are some of the most important surfers of the last 30 years including Tom and Pat Curren Wayne Lynch Michael Peterson (MP) Rabbit Bartholomew Skip Frye Oscar Wright and Derek Hynd. Surfing in itself is a beautiful form; taking place in diverse locations with complex characters; I had ideas I wanted to articulate through motion and sound incorporating this.
425058 Ella Brennan is a household name in the restaurant industry. Known today as the inspirational matriarch of the rambling Brennan family of New Orleans and the force of nature behind first Brennan's and then Commander's Palace. Fired by her family at one point she shouldered on. She was the creator of elaborate New Orleans breakfasts and jazz brunches and revolutionized creole cuisine. A pioneer of the modern American food movement she pushed her chefs to the forefront helping to launch the celebrity chef phenomenon.
425530 Drawing on the collections of major Russian institutions contributions from contemporary artists curators and performers and personal testimony from the descendants of those involved the film brings the artists of the Russian Avant-Garde to life. It tells the stories of artists like Chagall Kandinsky and Malevich - pioneers who flourished in response to the challenge of building a new art for a new world only to be broken by implacable authority after 15 short years and silenced by Stalin's Socialist Realism.
425692 Lost Daughter shows how a family relationship based on competition and possession can cause tragedy: it tells a desperate growth story accompanied by sacrifice and wound. In this film the family members born from the same father are in competition which prevents them from sharing anything at the same time. After a death and farewell the father attempts to reconcile with his daughter who does the same with her sister but it is too late. Maybe a family is based on the sense of possession and doesn't allow its members to reach each other until it is dismantled. The father tries to stop the family from collapsing without knowing the cause of it despite his position as father. The family here is obliged or perhaps destinedto be dismantled. Dismantlement of a family after all is the course of realizing that its members must stop longing for the attention and affection of the father. Lost Daughter in this sense is a story of Shin who is no longer a daughter to her father.
425840 The Fitzroy is a live action black comedy set in an alternative post-apocalyptic 1950s. The world is covered in poisonous gas and the last place for a traditional seaside holiday is The Fitzroy hotel an abandoned submarine just off the coast of England. The film centers on Bernard the hotel's bellboy cook maintenance man and general dogsbody as he faces a constant battle to keep the decaying hotel airtight and afloat. But when he falls in love with a murderous guest he is thrown into a mad day of lies backstabbing and chaos. As Bernard struggles to hide her murders from the other guests and suspicious authorities his world literally begins to sink around him.
"425846 Michael J. Nelson Kevin Murphy and Bill Corbett of RiffTrax riff Tommy Wiseau's The Room LIVE onstage and broadcast to 100's of theaters across North America.  Like a modern day Ed Wood Wiseau wrote directed and starred as Johnny in this ""dark comedy"" about his tumultuous relationship with future wife Lisa their best friend Mark and their amorphous group of friends. This includes frequent uninvited guest Denny a couple of frisky couch crashers and psychologist friend Peter who during the course of the movie is played by two different actors."
425980 Although Brad has a satisfying career a sweet wife and a comfortable life in suburban Sacramento things aren't quite what he imagined during his college glory days. When he accompanies his musical prodigy son on a university tour he can't help comparing his life with those of his four best college friends who seemingly have more wealthy and glamorous lives. But when circumstances force him to reconnect with his former friends Brad begins to question whether he has really failed or if their lives are actually more flawed than they appear.
"426243 The November 13 2015 terrorist attack in Paris claimed 130 lives around the city -- 89 of them at the Eagles of Death Metal’s Bataclan Theatre concert. ""Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)"" spotlights the American rock band as they recount their experiences before and after the tragic events. The film explores the deep bonds between band co-founders Jesse Hughes and Josh Homme (also a member of Queens of the Stone Age) as well as the intense connection the band has always had with its devoted fans which moved them to return to Paris to perform once again in February 2016."
426317 Cory Mann is a quirky Tlingit businessman hustling to earn a living in Juneau Alaska. He gets hungry for smoked salmon nostalgic for his childhood and decides to spend a summer smoking fish at his family's traditional fish camp. The unusual story of his life and the untold history of his people interweave with the process of preparing traditional food as he struggles to pay his bills keep the IRS off his back and keep his business afloat. By turns tragic bizarre or just plain ridiculous Smokin' Fish tells the story of one man's attempt to navigate the messy zone of collision between the modern world and an ancient culture.
426363 Join multi-platinum band Fall Out Boy as they travel back to their hometown of Chicago for a mind-blowing audio-visual extravaganza. Featuring their newest hits Centuries Irresistible and Uma Thurman this 17 song concert also includes the band's best loved songs from across their whole career.  This special performance is one of the most memorable Fall Out Boy concerts ever filmed during the Boys of Zummer tour that hit 39 North American cities throughout 2015. Great musicianship powerful songs and stunning visuals all make for an exceptional concert experience!
426410 Music is an integral part of most films adding emotion and nuance while often remaining invisible to audiences. Matt Schrader shines a spotlight on the overlooked craft of film composing gathering many of the art form’s most influential practitioners from Hans Zimmer and Danny Elfman to Quincy Jones and Randy Newman to uncover their creative process. Tracing key developments in the evolution of music in film and exploring some of cinema’s most iconic soundtracks 'Score' is an aural valentine for film lovers.
"426545 In 1962 spurred by the Cold War President John F. Kennedy famously made the bold proclamation that NASA would send astronauts to the moon by the end of the decade not because it was easy but because it was a challenge. The Space Race inspired a generation to pursue careers in science and technology but as the balance of world power shifted interest in space exploration declined. ""Fight for Space"" serves as an urgent call to re-awaken our sense of wonder and discovery."
"426578 Francois the Tree Man is far from his wife and three small children in Quebec selling Christmas trees and living in a van on the streets of New York City. He does it for them. But this is home too. Like the hundreds of Christmas tree sellers who descend upon the city from Canada New England and even Europe Francois delivers the magic of the season over a grueling month in his adopted neighborhood. He's a star a storyteller a Santa Claus in a sap-stained coat a confidant a friend and a father figure to the local characters who are his New York family. They also need him. TREE MAN is the story of Francois's journey how he arrived here what holds him and the conflict that will cause him to leave. As one of Francois' long-time customers says: ""This has nothing to do with the trees anymore."""
426597 1. Siren Song 2. Ship Of Fools 3. Chorus 4. Breath Of Life 5. Chains Of Love 6. Love To Hate You 7. Joan 8. Voulez Vous 9. Take A Chance On Me 10. S.O.S. 11. Lay All Your Love On Me 12. Am I Right? 13. Oh L'Amour 14. Waiting For The Day 15. Heart Of Stone 16. Stop! 17. The Good The Bad And The Ugly 18. Who Needs Love Like That 19. Stand By Your Man 20. The Soldier's Return 21. Turns The Love To Anger 22. Star 23. Blue Savannah 24. Over The Rainbow 25. Love Is A Loser 26. A Little Respect 27. Home 28. Perfect Stranger 29. Sometimes  British synthpop legends Erasure perform live at the Manchester Apollo on 8 June 1992 as part of their Phantasmagorical Entertainment Tour.
426632 1. Snake Eyes 2. I Will Wait 3. Below My Feet 4. Wilder Mind 5. Awake My Soul 6. Lover Of The Light 7. Tompkins Square Park 8. Believe 9. Ghosts That We Knew 10. The Cave 11. Ditmas 12. Dust Bowl Dance 13. Wona 14. Lampenda 15. There Will Be Time 16. Little Lion Man 17. The Wolf  DUST AND THUNDER chronicles the meeting of South Africa with their long-standing favourite British band Mumford & Sons. Filmed live against the beautiful Pretorian outback award-winning director Dick Carruthers gets to the very heart of what makes Mumford & Sons such a special act as the band performs new songs and classic hits in front of an exhilarated crowd. Made for the big screen in stunning Ultra HD with 5.1 surround sound this truly spectacular concert film may go down as Mumford & Sons’ finest.
426762 1. Highway Star 2. Spotlight Kid 3. Mistreated 4. 16th Century Greensleeves 5. Since You Been Gone 6. Man On The Silver Mountain 7. Catch The Rainbow 8. Difficult To Cure (Beethoven's Ninth) 9. Perfect Strangers 10. Stargazer 11. Long Live Rock 'n' Roll 12. Child In Time/Woman From Tokyo 13. Black Night 14. Smoke On The Water  In June 2016 legendary guitarist Ritchie Blackmore made his much-anticipated return to rock music as Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow played three concerts in Europe two in Germany and one in England. The two German shows at Loreley and Bietigheim-Bissingen were caught on camera to produce this concert film Memories in Rock. The setlist combining classic tracks from Deep Purple and Rainbow was exactly what the fans had wished for.
"427036 ""A Family On Edge"" is about two brothers Michael and Gabriel Bonds who were thick as thieves growing up in Atlanta who protected each other by any means necessary.When a fatal mistake separates the siblings their rock-solid relationship is forever changed. Shocking secrets from past and present create intensifying tension between the brothers who find themselves faced with a perilous choice resulting in A Family On Edge. This highly realistic urban drama is layered with unpredictable twists and turns that appeal to an intergenerational audience.  This is a must see for those love suspense drama and action."
427612 As things start to unravel in Ryan's (Stephen Baldwin) life he is left feeling vulnerable insignificant and wondering why. With his priorities on everything but God he begins to isolate himself from those around him as his hardships multiply. In the midst of the big-picture perspective his struggles give him God places people around him to help him more clearly understand the profound plan He has for our lives. He relearns how to truly rely on God through the suffering life brings and how to be confident in the intricate plan that threads together perfectly like a tapestry.
427641 Primatologist Davis Okoye shares an unshakable bond with George the extraordinarily intelligent silverback gorilla who has been in his care since birth.  But a rogue genetic experiment gone awry mutates this gentle ape into a raging creature of enormous size.  To make matters worse it’s soon discovered there are other similarly altered animals.  As these newly created alpha predators tear across North America destroying everything in their path Okoye teams with a discredited genetic engineer to secure an antidote fighting his way through an ever-changing battlefield not only to halt a global catastrophe but to save the fearsome creature that was once his friend.
427750 After losing the hero worship of her excitement in a repulsive catastrophe Kara moves across the country to attend a writing program in Los Angeles. She finds room and board as soon as Charlie Fratelli a kooky cheerful girl who loves to beverage wine and flirt when younger men. There Kara meets Jason a shy do something student who nimbly takes to Kara even though his meek birds prevents him from making a involve. Instead an older dreamier man named Paul Reese sweeps Kara off her feet. Paul is an conventional crime novelist and Kara is hastily taken gone his mild confidence. Soon it seems as though everyone who has persecuted Kara ends happening paying the ultimate price and she begins to admiration what she in dream of fact knows just roughly Paul. Kara enlists Jasons encourage to locate out the precise--but soon the two take taking place a haunting conclusion.
427796 Hamlet has the world at his feet. Young wealthy and living a hedonistic life studying abroad. Then word reaches him that his father is dead.  Returning home he finds his world is utterly changed his certainties smashed and his home a foreign land. Struggling to understand his place in a new world order he faces a stark choice. Submit or rage against the injustice of his new reality.  Simon Godwin (The Two Gentlemen of Verona 2014) directs Paapa Essiedu as Hamlet in Shakespeare's searing tragedy.  As relevant today as when it was written Hamlet confronts each of us with the mirror of our own mortality in an imperfect world.  Hamlet played in the Royal Shakespeare Theatre Stratford-upon-Avon until throughout summer 2016.
428140 Hannah' tells the story of Buddhist pioneer Hannah Nydahl and her life bringing Tibetan Buddhism to the West. From her idealistic roots in 1960's Copenhagen to the hippie trail in Nepal Hannah and her husband Ole became two of the first Western students of His Holiness the 16th Karmapa - the first consciously reincarnated lama of Tibet in 1110. Hannah went on to become an assistant and translator for some of the most powerful Tibetan lamas and a bridge between Buddhism in the East and the West.
"428586 Lindsey Wilson first found love in the romantic city of Paris when she was a university student studying art there. Now twenty years later she is returning to the City of Light to take her daughter on an adventure there. With a little inspiration from the city's famed ""love locks"" on its scenic bridges the adventure proves to be a journey of romance and rediscovery for the divorced Lindsey when she reconnects with her college flame in Paris and finds that her first love just might be the lasting love of her life after all."
428596 THE COFFEE MAN follows Sasa from Ethiopia the birthplace of coffee to Seattle Washington (USA) the home of the specialty coffee movement and host of the World Barista Championship. From humble beginnings in war-torn Yugoslavia to his adopted home in Australia Sasa Sestic's journey to the 2015 World Barista Championships is a long one. But his dedication and pursuit of excellence carries him through as do his family his staff coffee growers and roasters and the vendors who travel with him on this remarkable journey. THE COFFEE MAN is an intensely personal observational documentary that will have you biting your nails standing up and cheering; and wishing that you too could experience Sasa's Holy Grail: the perfect cup of coffee.
429042 Agent Curt Mega finds himself thrust into the shadows of Cold War politics as he works to foil a plot to rebuild the Nazi empire. Along the way Agent Mega must tango with a Russian femme fatale waltz around a black market arms dealer and samba through a horde of outrageous characters. With a license to kill and the voice of an angel Mega must stay alive complete the mission and prove to his enemies that the deadliest weapon of all is a little song and dance.
429152 When The Bough Breaks is a feature length documentary about postpartum depression and perinatal mood disorders. When actress Tanya Newbould experienced PPD with her daughter she did not understand what was wrong with her or how to go about getting help. Tanya teamed up with Director Jamielyn Lippman to uncover this illness that affects one in five new mothers. One of the women they interviewed was Lindsay Gerszt who was currently suffering from postpartum depression. Lindsay agreed to let the cameras document her and give us an in depth look at her path to recovery. Babies are dying women aren't speaking out and the signs are being missed. Together these three women take us on a journey to find answers and break the silence.
429177 Dear Jerry: Celebrating The Music Of Jerry Garcia was recorded live at Merriweather Post Pavilion in Columbia Maryland on Thursday May 14 2015. This historic one-night concert event honored the music of Jerry Garcia one of the most influential musicians and cultural icons of our time.  The two and half hour concert film and available audio recordings feature over 20 once-in-a-lifetime performances from this momentous event by Phil Lesh & Communion Bob Weir Bill Kreutzmann's Billy & the Kids Mickey Hart Eric Church Jimmy Cliff The Disco Biscuits Peter Frampton David Grisman Jorma Kaukonen Los Lobos Buddy Miller Moe. O.A.R. Grace Potter Allen Toussaint Trampled By Turtles Widespread Panic and Yonder Mountain String Band.
429276 King Lear has ruled for many years. As age begins to overtake him he decides to divide his kingdom amongst his children living out his days without the burden of power. Misjudging his children’s loyalty and finding himself alone in the wilderness he is left to confront the mistakes of a life that has brought him to this point.  Antony Sher plays King Lear one of the greatest parts written by Shakespeare in this one of Shakespeare’s most epic and powerful plays.
"429284 Doug and Amber were madly in love and married during their college years. Driven by the ""dream"" of a prosperous life together - Amber worked two jobs to put Doug through school. Soon after they shared in his business success and celebrated the birth of their precious beautiful daughter. Fast forward 15 years - Amber has continued to be committed to her husband and their marriage but Doug has fallen into the traps of an unfaithful spouse convincing himself that he wants more out of life. In the midst of this turmoil tragedy strikes but the series of events that follows just might give this couple a chance to survive and once again regain the love for one another that was pledged in their sacred vows 15 years earlier."
429437 Here in the Amazon jungle where the spirit world and the natural world merge Shake has reached the highest honor a Yanomamö shaman can attain. Shake has possession of many spirits but the Spirit most feared by all Yanomamö is one they call Yai Wanonabälewä – The Enemy God.  Shake is a powerful shaman of the Yanomamo people. His desire is to use his power to heal and protect. Tracing his life and the life of his community over 40 years of their history Shake tells how he and his people grapple with new ideas from the outside world and the challenging decisions they make to maintain their identity and survive as a people.
"429623 David Cork (Lachlan Woods) is a lowly data processor slaving away in the cubicle wasteland of Endo Bank's notorious Data Processing Centre the DPC. But his real passion is manga. David is obsessed with the superhero Foxy Chaos - and he aspires to meet her creator Takuya Fujimoro. David's manga dreams are shattered when a sinister Russian HR guru arrives at the DPC. Max Menkoff (Noah Taylor) has big plans and no worker is safe from his ""method"". Murder chaos and office zombies take hold! Only David in alliance with the brilliant and determined Ruby Jackson (Jessica Clarke) can stand in Menkoff's way. But what is the Menkoff Method? And what does it mean for David Cork?"
429771 In 2011 Jon Kenny &amp; Pat Shortt decided to reunite for a national tour of the award winning hit show 'One Hell of a Do'. This hilarious comedy celebrates the unique talent of Ireland's most famous wedding/pub band - Tom &amp; Gerry (D'Unbelievables) - who on receiving an award entitled the 'Golden Microphone of the Year Award for the best wedding/pub band in Ireland' recall the hilarious happenings during the day of the Donoghue Wedding. Filmed in front of a live audience at The Royal Theatre Castlebar in 2011
"430165 The story of an aspiring musician from Kaufman Texas who travels to Nashville with the lifelong dream of trying his hand at country music. By embodying the title character under prosthetic make up actor Stephen Dorff successfully infiltrates Music City and takes his character on an authentic singer / songwriter journey. With the help of key allies on the ground ""Wheeler"" converses with real people in real locations with every musical number performed live. The line between reality and fiction blurs as Wheeler chases his dream in this touching tribute to old school country legends."
430403 The Bug is about one of the most recognizable and beloved vehicles on the planet: The Volkswagen Beetle. From its dark past in pre-WWII Germany to the Summer of Love this car captured the hearts and minds of millions of people around the world. This film explores not only the history of this automotive icon but also the intense emotional connection it has with its owners past and present... including Ewan McGregor and his experience with his first VW Bug as a sixteen year old.
430460 Christmas is now more beautiful and cosy than ever! Experience Christmas in London together with André Rieu. Decorated Christmas trees everywhere you look beautifully lit streets tempting Christmas window displays... Combine the unique London Christmas atmosphere with a magnificent Christmas concert by André Rieu and you have all the ingredients for a lovely party in the dark December days. Together with fantastic soloists and his always joyful Johann Strauss orchestra André Rieu provides a fabulous evening with the most beautiful and moving Christmas carols but also with emotional songs such as Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah The Holy City and the classic Concierto de Aranjuez.  Christmas in London means an evening enjoying lovely music beautiful costumes and plenty of London cosiness.
430602 At the dawn of humanity one tribe of cave-people survives the many trials of prehistoric life under the wise leadership of Jemilla The Peacemaker. Jemilla taught her people to express themselves rather than bashing each others' heads with rocks and eating each others' babies. But one member of the tribe doesn't seem to fit in: Zazzalil. She's always trying to invent things to make life easier… for herself. While out hatching her latest scheme Zazzalil stumbles upon the most important discovery in history. One that will pit her tribe against wooly mammoths saber-toothed tigers and change the world forever. She'll travel from omega to alpha and become… the Firebringer!
"430681 What do ice-skating reindeer pipe-smoking santas and a parade of aquatic champions have in common? You’ll see them all in the RiffTrax Live: Christmas Shorts-Stravaganza now available as Download to Stream DVD and Blu-ray! The stars of Mystery Science Theater 3000® have a sackfull of delightful and demented shorts to riff live onstage. Some of the forgotten gems of Christmases past prove to be the perfect targets for the rapid-fire riffs of Mike Nelson Kevin Murphy and Bill Corbett. And if that wasn’t enough they’re even joined by comedy legend “Weird Al"" Yankovic for a musical short about the wonders of pork! It’s funnier than Ernest Saves Christmas and far less creepy than The Polar Express!  Join Mike Kevin Bill and Al for a festive night of hilarious holiday comedy that is destined to become traditional Christmas viewing."
430754 Hank Zipzer's Christmas Catastrophe follows Hank in the run up to Christmas as he prepares for a new baby brother. But Hank's life never runs smoothly and soon Miss Adolf is turning Mr. Rock's Rudolph the Rock'n'Roll Reindeer into a one-woman Christmas Carol - two school inspectors are getting injured in a bizarre sleighing accident and Mr. Joy is trying to cancel Christmas altogether. In his attempt to drag triumph from the glittering jaws of doom Hank will ice skate into disaster nearly crash a Christmas tree into a crowd get himself and his best friends arrested get his favourite teacher sacked and lose the love of his life. This time he really has let everyone down. Surely even Hank can't get out this one. Luckily for us there's no way to tell Hank that.
430782 A Venture in Faith is the true story of Chuck Smith's obedience to God's calling and the great movement of God's Spirit as the result of the obedience. In his own words Chuck Smith details the beginning of the Calvary Chapel movement and sets down the Biblical spiritual principles of ministry that have kept the movement a fresh unique and vital part of the modern church. Comments and observations by many respectful church leaders make this documentary a living segment of church history.
430790 In this recording from the Christmas concerts held on historic Temple Square in Salt Lake City the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra at Temple Square present the story of George Frideric Handel’s life through song. On the verge of being broke Handel struggled to write his celebrated oratorio Messiah. The story behind Messiah celebrates freed debtors charitable giving rescued children and the Messiah's mission to save God’s children from spiritual death.  With its Christ-centered focus Hallelujah! invites listeners to feel the true meaning of Christmas. The music includes favorites such as “Do You Hear What I Hear?” performed by Osnes “Oh Come All Ye Faithful” “Angels from the Realms of Glory” and many more including a breathtaking rendition of “For unto Us a Child Is Born” from Handel’s Messiah performed by the Metropolitan Opera soloists. The Christmas story as told in the book of Luke in the New Testament is poetically narrated by Jarvis.
430897 When Jonas's grandmother dies he inherits two foreign objects. The Ghost Rockers soon discover that they belong to a puzzle of five pieces the 'Five Elements' and even more important: that like objects which according to legend to make sure they have contact with the Freebirds. But ... there are pirates on the coast of the objects but some would like to have in their possession in order to talk with the spirits of the deceased. It is all hands on deck for the Ghost Rockers because if they lose the elements they lose contact with the Freebirds ... and that could well mean the end of the Ghost Rockers ...
431072 Jamilah has her whole life figured out. She's the president of her black sorority captain of their champion step dance crew is student liaison to the college dean and her next move is on to Harvard Law School. She's got it all right? But when the hard-partying white girls from Sigma Beta Beta embarrass the school Jamilah is ordered to come to the rescue. Her mission is to not only teach the rhythmically-challenged girls how to step dance but to win the Steptacular the most competitive of dance competitions. With the SBBs reputations and charter on the line and Jamilah's dream of attending Harvard in jeopardy these outcast screw-ups and their unlikely teacher stumble through one hilarious misstep after another. Cultures clash romance blossoms and sisterhood prevails as everyone steps out of their comfort zones.
431093 On the surface Clara Barron seems to have it all: a job as an OB-GYN; a great house in LA; and a loving family. But the one thing Clara doesn't have figured out is her love life. Pressured by a family wedding in Mexico Clara asks a co-worker to pose as her boyfriend for the weekend festivities- only to be caught by surprise when her ex- boyfriend (and family favorite) suddenly shows up after disappearing from her life completely. Torn Clara must decide between going back to the past or open her heart to new and unexpected possibilities.
431391 Internationally known graffiti artist Banksy left his mark on San Francisco in April 2010. Little did he know that this act of vandalism would spark a chain of events that includes one of his rats being removed from a wall Museums ignorantly turning down a free Banksy street work and a NY gallerist who has made it his business model to remove Banksy street works from all over the globe doing whatever it takes to get the rat in his possession.
"431939 Following the release of the highly expected album ""Torn Apart"" featuring special guest Steve Hackett (Genesis) Franck Carducci set up a new tour entitled ""Tearing the Tour Apart"" in order to promote this new opus.  This tour took them throughout France England The Netherlands Belgium German Italy Estonia and even to Guyana.  A sound and video recording was made on November 20 and 21 2015 at Climax-Club-Legend featuring that night Jimmy Pallagrosi (Karnataka) as special guest.  With his band Franck puts on a trip through time and eras Dive down into it let yourself go you're off for a journey in an enchanting and eerie musical universe. A place where dreams are kings and emotions are queens!"
432243 Storming on to the stage the RED HOT CHILLI PIPERS 'Live' are an unstoppable force! An abundance of energy with all the power of the Scottish bagpipes times three and an amazing rock band enhanced by brass pipes and drums and the Red Hot Chilli Dancers; an unforgettable and unique sound. Modern classics and rock anthems are fused with all the adrenalin rush created by their passion for the pipes.  This DVD 'BLASTS' the bagpipes into a new musical orbit and ensures that the 'Chilli Pipers' stars burns bright for all to see and enjoy. One amazing night in one amazing venue.
"432270 Long before Elvis was heralded as the king of rock ‘n’ roll he was a faithful fan of gospel music. Although it was instrumental in shaping his spiritual life as well as his career no documentary has truly chronicled this facet of his life…until now. He Touched Me: The Gospel Music Of Elvis Presley features more than 30 of Elvis’ gospel recordings and never-before-seen footage. This 3-hour collection filled with personal stories by those who knew him well goes behind the scene of Elvis’ career. Discover how Elvis was dramatically influenced by two of southern gospel music’s premiere quartets the Statesmen and the Blackwood Brothers. Learn the controversy surrounding this performance of ""Peace In The Valley"" on the Ed Sullivan Show and hear the surprising story behind the recording of his signature hymn ""How Great Thou Art."" You’ll see Elvis in a new light as you witness how deeply he was touched by gospel music."
432320 Man’s early ancestors set off to conquer the world to explore the unknown to adapt to every environment. And one day to conquer fire – a discovery that made them invincible.  They built shelters. They transformed their environment. But still this did not slake their thirst for more.  They sought to fathom Nature’s mysteries. They invented stories to explain the inexplicable. Now they are Men.  Here for the very first time in television history is the saga of our origins told through the story of one single family -  an epic journey upon which the latest scientific discoveries shine an exciting new light.
432602 A decade after An Inconvenient Truth brought climate change into the heart of popular culture comes the riveting and rousing follow-up that shows just how close we are to a real energy revolution. Vice President Al Gore continues his tireless fight traveling around the world training an army of climate champions and influencing international climate policy. Cameras follow him behind the scenes—in moments private and public funny and poignant—as he pursues the empowering notion that while the stakes have never been higher the perils of climate change can be overcome with human ingenuity and passion.
432605 In 1996 Cuban bandleader Juan de Marcos Gonzalez British producer Nick Gold and American guitarist Ry Cooder convened in Havana to produce a Cuban-Malian collaboration. When the Malians couldn’t get visas the team turned their attention to reviving a forgotten generation of legendary son cubano musicians and formed an on-the-fly ensemble: the Buena Vista Social Club.  Two decades since that fateful first session we catch up to these master musicians as they reflect on the magical unfolding of their lives—from humble origins to the evolution and surprising revival of their careers all against the backdrop of Cuba’s dramatic history. Brimming with unseen concert rehearsal and archival footage this film is an emotional shimmering celebration of music’s power to transcend age ideologies and class and to connect us to each other through our souls.
432607 Dina an outspoken and eccentric 49-year-old in suburban Philadelphia invites her fiancé Scott a Walmart door greeter to move in with her. Having grown up neurologically diverse in a world blind to the value of their experience the two are head-over-heels for one another but shacking up poses a new challenge. Scott freezes when it comes to physical intimacy and Dina a Kardashians fanatic wants nothing more than to share with Scott all she’s learned about sensual desire from books TV shows and her previous marriage. Her increasingly creative forays to draw Scott close keep hitting roadblocks—exposing anxieties insecurities and communication snafus while they strive to reconcile their conflicting approaches to romance and intimacy.
432619 Dolores Huerta bucks 1950s gender conventions by starting the country's first farm worker's union with fellow organizer Cesar Chavez. What starts out as a struggle for racial and labor justice soon becomes a fight for gender equality within the same union she is eventually forced to leave. As she wrestles with raising 11 children three marriages and is nearly beaten to death by a San Francisco tactical police squad Dolores emerges with a vision that connects her new found feminism with racial and class justice.
432905 This hilarious historic concert film showcases the funniest queer stand-up comics and queer sketch groups working in America today.  Outlaugh! takes you on stage and backstage with fiery headliner Lea DeLaria as well as Bob Smith Page Hurwitz Karen Ripley Jason Stuart Mark Davis Sabrina Matthews Andre Kelley Jerry Calumn Stephanie Howard Jen Slusser Jason Dudey Roy Cruz Charlie Vaughn Bobaloo Ariana Bill Cruz The Gay Mafia The Nellie Olesons and Outlaugh! creator Mike Player.  Outlaugh! is a rib-tickling ride that captures some of the funniest queers who have ever dared to strut their stuff.
433043 Ollie Kepler’s Expanding Purple World is a darkly comic tale of a young man’s battle with madness.  Ollie Kepler wacky astronomy enthusiast and web designer moves in with his best friend after he loses his fiancé but is repeatedly drawn back to the place of her death – their empty unpainted apartment. There a broken promise made to her returns to haunt him with growing intensity.  Ollie’s guilt merges with his scientific brilliance into a crazed attempt to redeem himself. Quitting his job in a bizarre act of defiance Ollie spirals into a chilling world of obsession and tormenting voices threatening both his friendship and sanity.  Convinced that a strange piece of rock he has found is a micro-chip which holds a vital message from his fiancé Ollie sets about trying to unlock it with disastrous results.  Somehow purple holds the key.  Disturbing and eerily humorous the film explores the fantasies the mind creates when reality overwhelms.
433419 Samantha has lived her whole life in different foster homes. Now living in a small town she never feels like she quite fits in even with her own current foster family who might adopt her or the boy who follows her around doing her classwork. So it’s perhaps natural that she doesn’t know what to do with a curious tagalong little sister named Olivia. One day Sam callously ditches Olivia who wanders off into the woods on her own and disappears.
"433580 Dub's cousin ""Chicago Rick"" (Geoff Brown) comes to visit his peaceful life in Minnesota. When Dub inquires of the reason for his visit Rick tells Dub it's strictly casual meanwhile Rick has plans to take over the streets of the Twin Cities. Chicago Rick's path of destruction sets him up to bump heads with Plukey the current boss of the Twin Cities igniting a war between under bosses and making himself a lead suspect in the murder of a local missing girl. Putting Dub in the middle of it all."
"434017 Rush's Working Men is the first-ever ""greatest hits"" live performance DVD compilation from the legendary rock trio. Inspired by the classic ""Working Man"" from Rush's first album and culled from their three most recently filmed DVD releases - Rush in Rio R30 and Snakes & Arrows Live - Working Men features dynamic live versions of Rush's best known songs including ""Tom Sawyer"" ""Limelight"" ""The Spirit of Radio"" and ""Closer to the Heart."" A previously unreleased performance of ""One Little Victory"" is included. See and hear virtuosos Geddy Lee (bass vocals) Alex Lifeson (guitars) and Neil Peart (drums) at their peak on the Working Men DVD and experience all of the excitement and power of Rush in concert!"
434312 A revealing look into the lives of students who put it all on the line to be selected proving that a free education is never without a cost. 'Selected' is a documentary about the challenges of public urban education. Through unprecedented access in a Chicago public school 'Selected' explores leadership triumphs and losses in one of the most culturally and economically diverse schools in the country. 'Selected' investigates the impact of being educated in a true melting pot environment and the effect it has on education acceptance tolerance and a worldview. It illustrates what is possible when great leadership diverse cultures and extraordinary minds come together. These interwoven stories highlight the benefits and unintended consequences of select schools and society's constant struggle with urban education.
434337 Five years after sending a man to jail for the murder of her father and fiancé Diana returns home to find that he has escaped from prison and has come to confront her. However the man has not come for revenge but rather wants her to understand that she put an innocent man away. Captive in her own home Diana is resistant - she knows what she witnessed the night of the murder. But as time progresses Diana starts to question what she saw that night as well as her own testimony.
434380 When a natural catastrophe threatens to destroy the sacred Tree of Souls Ralu and Entu two Omaticaya boys on the brink of adulthood fearlessly decide to take matters into their own hands. Upon learning that Toruk can help them save the Tree of Souls they set out together with their newfound friend Tsyal on a quest high up in the Floating Mountains to find the mighty red and orange predator that rules the Pandoran sky. Prophecy is fulfilled when a pure soul rises among the clans to ride Toruk for the first time and save the Na’vi from a terrible fate.
434602 Hongli is a Chinese sexologist who meets women of all ages at her practice in Beijing. Although the stories are wide-ranging all her clients are struggling with the expectations of society. Thirty-two-year-old Wen-wen for example is an attractive and successful single woman but she is viewed as a “leftover”: if a woman hasn’t found a man by her 30th birthday she has missed the proverbial boat. Her parents are deeply ashamed. What did they do wrong? Beijing may look modern but the traditional mores affecting women of all ages and classes are very old-fashioned. In Fallen Flowers Thick Leaves women talk candidly about being married to a man they don’t love about being lesbian and finding acceptance about cautious feminism and about those who – in utter desperation and shame at their failed love life – decide to become nuns. To what extent do ancient traditions the Cultural Revolution and the modern economy affect the social status of modern Chinese women?
435011 Hans Zimmer is one of the most successful film music composers working today. His multi-award winning career reaches back to the mid-eighties and he has developed close working relationships with renowned directors such as Ridley Scott Tony Scott Michael Bay Ron Howard Gore Verbinski and Christopher Nolan. His credits include some of the biggest blockbuster movies of all time along with acclaimed TV series such as The Crown and Planet Earth II. This concert was filmed on 7th May 2016 in Prague during Hans Zimmer’s hugely successful European concert tour. Hans was accompanied by a band orchestra and choir 72 musicians in total including guitarist Johnny Marr. The staging was spectacular with a ground breaking light show stunning visuals and a state of the art sound system. Hans Zimmer performs on multiple instruments and gives introductory insights to many of the pieces during the concert. This show is a treat for lovers of both great music and great movies.
435224 This program is an overview of the life and career of Joseph Stalin. It concentrates on describing and attempting to explain the origins of the policy of “terror” instigated by Stalin as leader of the USSR.  There are interviews with surviving family members and experts all of whom attempt some sort of personality “analysis” of the dictator to explain his behaviour and policies. Another question that is examined is given his record of “terror” why was he so popular? Why did so many Russians mourn his death in 1953?  This could be an overview and introduction to a study of both Stalin and USSR in the post revolution period.
435412 Comprised of two interviews with President Barack Obama conducted both before and after the 2016 Presidential election The 44th President: In His Own Words is the President’s first-hand account of his time in office–his successes his failures his unfinished business–and what he hopes will be his legacy. Including additional interviews with members of his staff Congress and the press The 44th President: In His Own Words is a unique examination of the Obama presidency from the inside out and a profound and candid historical record that will stand for generations.
435588 On a distant island a man waits. Robbed of his position power and wealth his enemies have left him in isolation. But this is no ordinary man and this no ordinary island. Prospero is a magician able to control the very elements and bend nature to his will. When a sail appears on the horizon he reaches out across the ocean to the ship that carries the men who wronged him. Creating a vast magical storm he wrecks the ship and washes his enemies up on the shore. When they wake they find themselves lost on a fantastical island where nothing is as it seems.
435639 This timely bold set of one-on-one interviews presents two of the most venerable figures from the American Left—renowned historian Howard Zinn and linguist and philosopher Noam Chomsky—each reflecting upon his own life and political beliefs. At the age of 88 Howard Zinn reflects upon the Civil Rights and anti–Vietnam War movements political empires history art activism and his political stance. Setting forth his personal views Noam Chomsky explains the evolution of his libertarian socialist ideals his vision for a future postcapitalist society the Enlightenment the state and empire and the future of the planet.
435645 Manchester United Football Club started life as Newton Heath a team founded by workers from the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway in 1878. Recounting the history of Manchester United. Honors soon followed and the first of seven First Division titles was won in 1908. With an FA Cup win the following year and another league title two years later Manchester United were firmly establishing themselves as a force in English football. The era of great success and tragedy under the inspirational management of Sir Matt Busby and the Busby Babes. Charlton Best and Law won the European Cup. Sir Alex Ferguson built the team of the nineties that have gone on to win seven premiership titles over the last ten years. Built around home-grown talent and inspirational signings (such as Eric Cantona) United moved into an era of unrivalled success which culminated in the remarkable treble of 1999. Further championships followed in both 2000 and 2001.
436004 With the coveted glitter ball trophy once again up for grabs how will series winner Chris Hollins fare against other celebrity favourites - including Austin Healey Kelly Brook Mark Ramprakash Ali Bastian and Natalie Cassidy? As they take to the stage alongside their professional partners including; Kristina Rihanoff James and Ola Jordan Brian Fortuna Natalie Lowe and Ian Waite in brand new breathtaking outfits and daring routines. They will need to impress judges; Len Goodman Bruno Tonioli Craig Revel Horwood and Arlene Philips. Who as always are ready with quips banter and razor-sharp observations!
436245 Daphne is a young woman negotiating the tricky business of modern life. Caught in the daily rush of her restaurant job and a nightlife kaleidoscope of new faces she is witty funny the life of the party. Too busy to realise that deep down she is not happy. When she saves the life of a shopkeeper stabbed in a failed robbery the impenetrable armour she wears to protect herself begins to crack and Daphne is forced to confront the inevitability of a much-needed change in her life.
436498 The Academy of Country Music and Dick Clark Productions have announced they will tape an all-star concert special ACM Presents: Tim McGraw’s Superstar Summer Night on Monday April 8 2013 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas and will be broadcast at a later date on the CBS Television Network.  Fifteen time ACM Award winner acclaimed actor and entertainer Tim McGraw is handpicking the hottest music of summer and calling on his friends to help kick off the 2013 touring season. Ā The two-hour star-studded concert event will feature performances and collaborations from country pop rock and more as well as a few surprise special guests from the worlds of film and television. Ā All proceeds will benefit ACM Lifting Lives the charitable arm of the Academy and an organization that McGraw was closely affiliated with over his last tour.
436625 In this unique and riveting film a troubled man has a series of dreams in which he finds himself thrown back to a time before his birth into the Angolan Border War as a combat soldier. There he meets his father as a young man when he was a member of the Special Forces. As they go through combat together the son gets to know his father in a way he never has giving him insight and compassion and he is able to let go of lifelong feelings of abandonment resentment and anger. This leads to forgiveness and a real-life reconciliation which drives home the underlying message of this film restoring the hearts of the fathers to the children and the hearts of the children to the fathers.
"436640 In 1943 top scientist from around the country receive a mysterious and classified letter it says ""Go to 109 East Palace Avenue Sante Fe New Mexico. There you will find out how to complete your trip."" Upon arriving they are transported to a lonely mesa this will be their home for the next two years. Here amongst the sand and rock cactus and weeds barracks and shacks in this primitive place they would change everything invent new science win a world war and bring everyone closer to extinction."
437513 Kristie Simmons an attorney initiates a legal battle trying to get approval for a bike lane for the local residents. When Bill a local veterinarian informs her that a dog named Gidget needs a home Kristie agrees. While out walking Gidget Kristie meets Keith Amos an attorney on assignment from Seattle while he's walking his lovable dog Simon. Keith is immediately smitten with Kristie her initially pleasant reaction to him turns sour when she learns he is her opposing counsel in the bike lane case.
437636 GOOD FORTUNE is the rags to riches tale of conscious capitalism pioneer John Paul DeJoria. Born with nothing at times homeless on the streets of LA “JP” spent his early adulthood in and out of motorcycle gangs only to wheel and deal his way to the top of a vast hair and tequila empire. A modern day Robin Hood JP’s motto is “Success unshared is failure.” The son of immigrants JP defies the stereotype of 'the 1%' and is the poster boy of the triple bottom line – people planet and profit. A success story full of ups and downs GOOD FORTUNE is the portrait of an extraordinary business man.
437808 Hidden between a row of fishermen gutting fish standing on a floor full of blood and intestines we find Tobias (10). In front of him is a big box filled with cod heads. With an almost frightening pace he slices and cuts the tongues off the heads and puts them on a big nail. In the northern part of Norway Tobias and many other children work as cod tongue cutters. The tongues are considered a delicacy and they are exported around the world to countries like China and Japan. But in Northern Norway they are simply everyday food when in season. The children start from the age of 6 and can earn a lot of money during a winter season. This job has always been reserved for the children as long as the fishing industry has existed.
437928 Since 2002 and in a 2-year cycle Marillion welcome their dedicated fans to a very special weekend: the Marillion weekend. On three nights Marillion perform three different shows with different setlists consisting of full records played from start to finish fan favourites and rarities. Fans travel from all over the world to be part of these truly amazing nights. From Friday 20th March to Sunday 22nd March the Marillion weekend took place at Center Parcs Port Zélande The Netherlands. On Saturday night Marillion performed one of their best and most successful albums… Marbles! With their imposing live show containing stunning projections and laser effects Marillion once again proved to be one of the leading audio-visual musicians of the present time.
438283 Upon his return from serving a ten-year sentence in prison reformed gang leader S. Lance Ingram struggles to adapt to a changed Harlem. Unable to use the technological skills he acquired in jail Lance is forced to accept a position delivering meals for a local food bank. It is here that he befriends Ms. Maddy 75 a past beauty with a irreverent and hardened shell to whom he delivers dinners. Through her Lance finds hope relearning the joys of life and living despite the outwardly bedeviled society in which they find themselves.
438326 Ben a mechanic at a Johannesburg car dealership and Linda a beautiful smart redhead cross paths one night. He immediately recognises her as his boss’s daughter although she has no idea who he is. They’re immediately attracted to each other and in a frantic and uncertain effort to disguise his identity Ben lies to Linda and claims to be in a band. When their love blossoms unexpectedly and he decides that he wants to live up to his lie he starts a band with a few fellow employees and they enroll for a battle-of-the-bands competition.
"438665 The 2016 Reebok CrossFit Games were a grueling five-day 15-event test to find the fittest man and woman on Earth. ""Fittest on Earth: A Decade of Fitness"" follows the dramatic story of the top athletes who qualified and competed and offers an inside look at what it takes to be among the world's elite athletes both in training and on the competition floor. The CrossFit Games challenge competitors to perform intense physical tasks but the hardest part is sometimes mental. Athletes often learn the details of the events only minutes before they begin and everyone handles the pressure differently. Which of these fierce competitors will rise to the top and earn the title of Fittest on Earth?"
438693 Are the forbidden secrets of the prehistoric past linked to the forthcoming events of the prophetic future? Is there a hidden hand confiscating and concealing artifacts relating to the world before the Flood of Noah and the hybrid entities that inhabited it? Are living giants still walking the earth today? Is the Vatican preparing for the arrival of “alien saviors”? In this fast-paced episode Steve Quayle Timothy Alberino and Tom Horn unveil the surprising answers to these compelling questions.  From Cusco Peru; to Rome Italy; to the island of Malta; join Timothy Alberino and the GenSix Production crew as they follow the path of a conspiracy that gives credence to the old adage… all roads lead to Rome!
438695 Buster and his new cast now have their sights set on debuting a new show at the Crystal Tower Theater in glamorous Redshore City. But with no connections he and his singers must sneak into the Crystal Entertainment offices run by the ruthless wolf mogul Jimmy Crystal where the gang pitches the ridiculous idea of casting the lion rock legend Clay Calloway in their show. Buster must embark on a quest to find the now-isolated Clay and persuade him to return to the stage.
438933 Attorney Tanya McQueen has hired a team of anthropologists to find an ancient artifact which if found would halt development of Nick Button's shopping mall in the sacred Hemolele Forest on Kaua'i. The team is led by the experienced duo of Helen and Demetri joined by grad students Zander and Hermione. The team is seen by Omaka a native Hawaiian kahuna and his mischievous aide Puka. Sensing Helen's yearning for passion from Demetri Puka doses the man with the nectar of a special flower from the forest -- but he has dosed Zander instead triggering confusion and hilarity. When Puka tries to make amends by dosing Demetri too and later Tanya as well the results are surprising and wonderfully zany. Love wins the day.
439417 A revolutionary procedure performed in the jungles of Guatemala gives rise to an unspeakable horror when one doctor discovers how to implement mind control. By injecting a deadly cocktail straight into the brains of the world's unwanted a new slave race is created - available for sweat shops sex farms and private mercenary armies. One huge corporation is slowly building an army of pseudo-zombies who are ripe for export. But one escapes he wakes with no knowledge of who he is or how he got there - all he knows is that his life is in danger. And he holds the secret that could bring the entire deadly army down...
439972 EAT DRINK LAUGH: The Story of The Comic Strip showcases the iconic New York comedy club where Jerry Seinfeld Eddie Murphy Chris Rock Adam Sandler and hundreds of the best comedians of our time honed their craft. EAT DRINK LAUGH explores the struggles triumphs and incredible journey of the people who kept the comedy club’s doors open and the comedians who graced its stage with their unique voices night after night since 1976. Among the comics featured in the film are Richard Belzer Billy Crystal Gilbert Gottfried Arsenio Hall Carol Leifer Jay Leno Richard Lewis Bill Maher Jerry Seinfeld Eddie Murphy Adam Sandler Joe Piscopo Colin Quinn Paul Provenza Paul Reiser Ray Romano and Chris Rock.
440054 1957 at the tender age of 16 Paul Anka's debut hit single Diana immediately catapulted him into Hall of Fame status. For decades now Anka has been one of the most successful composers around: Tom Jones' She's a Lady was written by him as well as the lyrics for Frank Sinatra's legendary signature song My Way. He has released over 120 albums and sold over 100 million records. Anka has also been named the 21st most successful artist in Billboard's history (Billboard statistic). Today Paul Anka is known as the last great crooner. When he translates his own as well as cover songs into elegant swing and gives his charm free reign on the stage Anka glorifies the purest form of entertainment. Joined by his Big Band he presents his programme 'Rock Swings' including famous rock classics in Swing versions at AVO SESSION Basel. This performance includes the big hits Diana My Way New York New York Put Your Head On My Shoulder and more.
440094 After a school fight lands 17-year old Daje Shelton in a court-supervised alternative high school she's determined to turn things around and make a better future for herself in her rough St. Louis neighborhood. But focusing on school is tough as she loses multiple friends to gun violence falls in love for the first time and becomes pregnant with a boy Ahkeem just as Ferguson erupts a few miles down the road. Through Daje's intimate coming-of-age story For Ahkeem illuminates challenges that many Black teenagers face in America today and witnesses the strength resilience and determination it takes to survive.
440095 An immersive and enthralling journey through the Sonoran Desert on the U.S.-Mexico border El Mar La Mar weaves together harrowing oral histories from the area with hand-processed 16mm images of flora fauna and items left behind by travelers. Subjects speak of intense mythic experiences in the desert: A man tells of a fifteen-foot-tall monster said to haunt the region while a border patrolman spins a similarly bizarre tale of man versus beast. A sonically rich soundtrack adds to the eerie atmosphere as the call of birds and other nocturnal noises invisibly populate the austere landscape. Emerging from the ethos of Harvard's Sensory Ethnography Lab J.P. Sniadecki's attentive documentary approach mixes perfectly with Joshua Bonnetta's meditations on the materiality of film. Together they've created an experience of the border region like nothing you've seen heard or felt before.
440191 There is a mystery there and the answer lies somewhere between Bermuda Puerto Rico and Miami. Hundreds of boats and planes have disappeared in the ocean with little or no trace at all. Most of these cases can be explained quite easily by human error or bad weather. But there are some that defy all explanation. Theories abound on these causes: Aliens massive gas eruptions and freak waves. The documentary reveals that the boats and planes face a real danger in a triangle but the true threat is often as strange as the wildest theory.
440353 Dive down to Bikini Bottom’s fun-tastic Glove World and soak up 10 seafaring episodes of SpongeBob SquarePants! Grab a glove balloon and join SpongeBob and Patrick as they face the Fiery Fist o’ Pain get stuck in the Tunnel of Glove and spend one last glorious day at the beloved park before it shuts down! Plus join SpongeBob as he embraces his abrasive side fails his driving test — again — and more! INCLUDES: Rock Bottom Roller Cowards The Abrasive Side Tunnel of Glove Glove World R.I.P. Are You Happy Now? Squiditis Bumper to Bumper Gary’s New Toy Kenny the Cat
440590 Country: Portraits of an American Sound' is a documentary film that explores the history and culture of country music through the lens of photography which has portrayed the ideals lifestyle and personalities of country music artists for over 80 years. The film features imagery and commentary from Grand Ole Opry photographer Les Leverett the late celebrity photographer Leigh Wiener documentary photographer Henry Horenstein iconic music photographers Henry Diltz and Raeanne Rubenstein and contemporary photographers David McClister and Michael Wilson. Over a dozen country music artists also appear including Rosanne Cash Roy Clark Merle Haggard Lyle Lovett Charley Pride LeAnn Rimes Kenny Rogers Tanya Tucker The Band Perry and Keith Urban. The film weaves iconic images historical footage and over 25 country music hits into a dynamic look at this uniquely American sound.
440907 Filmed over three years the documentary is an unprecedented record of a major artist at work. It captures David Hockney's return to England after 25 years in California. As he approaches the age of 70 he decides to re-invent his painting from scratch working through the seasons and in all weathers out in the Yorkshire countryside - ending up with the largest picture ever made outdoors. It is at once the story of a homecoming and an intimate portrait of what inspires and motivates today's greatest living British-born artist as time runs out.  Winner of Best Essay award at the International Festival for Films on Art in Montreal and nominated Best Arts Documentary by the Grierson and International Emmy Awards. Premiered on BBC1 the documentary appears in a special extended 60' version.
441031 Ravi is an average guy who has just graduated from college. Like most average guys he doesn't know what he wants in life. Reetu is a not so average girl who knows what she doesn't want. Suraj is a sure headed fellow who knows exactly what he wants in life. Manoj Sizapati (aka Siza) wants what every guy wants. Little do they know that they are living in a Small World (Sano Sansar) where everyone knows everyone even if they think they do not.
441348 Snoop along with Scooby-Doo Shaggy Velma Daphne and Fred one last time in this 10th and Final Volume of What's New Scooby Doo Volume 10: Monstrous Tails. The gang flies to the South Pole to fish for clues in hopes of hooking an amphibious menace in Uncle Scooby and Antarctica. Heading north to the Orient they toy around in a giant water ducky to cool off a ferocious Chinese fire-shooting dragon in Block-Long Hong Kong Terror. Back down under in Australia's Great Barrier Reef artist Shaggy enters a sand castle contest where a yucky corral creature threatens to wash away his dreams of Clamalot in Great Reef. So it's good to finally be back in their old Kentucky home -- Fort Knox to be exact -- until a golden ghoul turns everything it touches into statues with it's gold finger in Gold Paw.
441427 Based on the life and death of Gov't Mule bassist Allen Woody and the making of a double-disc tribute album (Gov't Mule's The Deep End  Volumes 1 &amp; 2) featuring a host of legendary bass players. Throughout the film director Mike Gordon (of Phish who also plays on the album) interviews Woody's family and bandmates and also discusses the philosophy and technique of bass playing with a number of the instrument's legends including Chris Squire Les Claypool John Entwistle Flea Bootsy Collins Mike Watt Roger Glover and others.
441575 Our world is the home of millions of plant as well as animal species and provides several territories each with its own geological and climatic conditions: steep mountains deep forests wide oceans and arctic ice deserts. The inhabitants have adapted to its different conditions and are still developing new strategies to survive. “Wonderful World 3D” not only takes a look at the interesting creatures of our planet but also highlights cosmological circumstances which made our world unique diversified and above all so adorable.
441728 Emily Walters is an American widow living a peaceful uneventful existence in the idyllic Hampstead Village of London when she meets  local recluse Donald Horner. For 17 years Donald has lived—wildly yet peacefully—in a ramshackle hut near the edge of the forest. When Emily learns his home is the target of developers who will stop at nothing to remove him saving Donald and his property becomes her personal mission. Despite his gruff exterior and polite refusals for help Emily is drawn to him—as he is to her—and what begins as a charitable cause evolves into a relationship that will grow even as the bulldozers close in.
441801 Def Leppard rock Detroit! In the summer of 2016 Def Leppard's World Tour rolled into the DTE Energy Music Theatre on the outskirts of Detroit. As the sun began to set over a packed crowd the huge video wall behind the stage came to life with the exploding image of the band's latest album cover and Def Leppard began to power their way through a stunning setlist of classic hits and new tracks. Featuring superb surround sound and amazing visuals this film captures the full-on experience of Def Leppard live in concert like never before. Includes 'Pour Some Sugar On Me' 'Dangerous' 'Hysteria' 'Let's Get Rocked' 'Photograph' 'Love Bites' 'Rocket' 'Let's Go' 'Animal' 'Rock Of Ages' and more.
441924 The Gunfight at the OK Corral only happened once but has been tirelessly recreated in films television shows and western towns ever since. No one has a monopoly on truth and in Tombstone Rashomon the truth is shared by six conflicting yet historical perspectives. In doing so the film’s narrative becomes prismatic and the result is perhaps the most comprehensive telling of the most important gunfight in American history. This is the Tombstone story told in the style of the Japanese classic Rashomon where we see history from several perspectives including that of Wyatt Earp Doc Holliday Kate Ike Clanton Colonel Hafford and Johnny Behan.
442094 Port City North Carolina: During a routine camp out a local vagrant discovers plans for an invasion in America. When he tries to notify the local Sheriff about his discovery the Sheriff dismisses his claims and has him locked up for loitering. When the Sheriff notices odd interactions with other towns folk he begins to look into the vagrants' claim of a sleeper cell living amongst the locals within this small town. After evidence of a beheading is exposed others begin to fear that the insurgents attack on hometown USA. Questions and tempers begin to rise. Why this little beach community with it's Norman Rockwell way of life? A town where everyone knows one another... or so they thought. When the truth is blind and justice seems lost It will take an army of five unlikely heroes banding together to infiltrate the insurgents and foil their invasion plans.
442358 Produced in High Definition with rare archive footage. Queen Elizabeth II has reigned for 60 years as the Queen of Great Britain and the Commonwealth. The Queen who has witnessed incredible social political and cultural changes in her reign has retained the purpose and dignity of the British Monarchy. From the death of her father King George VI to the marriage of Prince William and Kate Middleton this is the true story of how the young Princess became a great Queen.
442668 A decade on This Life's Egg Milly Warren Anna and Miles meet again at Ferdy's funeral. Egg has become a successful writer Milly a full-time mum and Anna is still a lawyer while Warren and Miles have pursued 'business' careers.  Egg's latest book is based on the group's lives in the nineties when they shared a house. A TV production company fronted by documentary film-maker Clare is at the launch of Egg's book and suggests she films a reunion of the group.  The reunion takes place in Miles' Mansion over a long weekend and the five old friends discover each other again.
443112 In 2008 a real-life mystery began to unfold when a real estate company (name withheld by request) discovered video footage shot in one of its vacant properties. The tapes were acquired by local documentary filmmakers Jarrod Rogan and Haman Movafagh who began piecing together a series of bizarre instances recorded by a man living in the house. Apparently waiting for his wife and daughter to join him from out of state the man began documenting strange activity that kept him from sleeping for days on end. The eerie recordings have become the subject of much controversy among paranormal investigators and are finally being released to the general public. This first documentary from Son of Jason Films challenges audiences to explain what happened in the house on Briar Lane.
443116 Peter a gay cabaret pianist falls in love with Bill a construction worker with intimacy issues. When Peter discovers Bill's secret he is determined to set him on a straight path and when a shy young woman moves in across the hall he puts his plan in motion even as Bill seeks to strengthen his ties to Peter. This gay romantic drama was filmed in Chicago in 1992 where it had its premiere before it was thought to be lost. Now recently re-discovered the film has been remastered from the best source materials and presented now for your enjoyment!
443141 In late 19th Century Bengal Bhubaneswar Chowdhury (Jackie Shroff) is a wealthy and tyrannical Zamidar (Squire). He has two main obsessions: his desperate attempts for an heir which even his new second wife Jashomati seems unable to deliver; and competing with his regional rivals to produce the most magnificent effigy of a goddess for the annual Durga Puja ceremony. This year he concocts a master plan - why not change the face of the goddess for the most powerful woman on Earth - Queen Victoria. Meantime his two wives Mahomaya and Jashomati try to look out for one another especially as Bhubeneshwar begins to sexually assault his younger wife each night. Traumatised and lonely Jashomati is dangerously drawn towards the youthful sculptor who has been employed to create the great effigy of Durga Goddess of destruction.
443265 Recorded Live in Holland 6 December 2014.  01. Intro  02. Awake And Nervous  03. The Darkest Hour  04. From The Outside In  05. The Road Of Bones  06. Frequency  07. Without Walls  08. Ocean  09. Leap Of Faith  10. Until The End  11. Outer Limits  12. The Seventh House  • Special Features  13. Encores - Ten Million Demons  14. Encores - Widow’s Peak  15. The Projections set to Live Stereo Soundtrack  16. Until The End - The Lorelei Festival 2014  17. The Art Of The Road Of Bones - Peter Nicholls In Conversation With Tony Lythgoe
"443393 The feature-length documentary ""Forgotten Scares"" goes back to the birth of Flemish horror in the '70s and shines a bright light on the future of horror in Belgium. The viewer gets a chance to discover long forgotten - and even unfinished - genre gems and learn in-depth info about underrated 'splatter and gore'-fests post-apocalyptic movies slasher-films nazisploitation women-in-prison and other fantastical Flemish genre benders through the eyes of the directors producers composers principal actors and genre experts. ""Forgotten Scares"" is illustrated by rare behind the scene footage classic film scenes production stills promotional art and even never before seen videos out of the vaults of the filmmakers."
443822 From award-winning director Phil Grabsky comes this fresh new look at arguably the world’s favourite artist – through his own words.  Using letters and other private writings I Claude Monet reveals new insight into the man who not only painted the picture that gave birth to impressionism but who was perhaps the most influential and successful painter of the 19th and early 20th centuries.  Despite this and perhaps because of it Monet’s life is a gripping tale about a man who behind his sun-dazzled canvases suffered from feelings of depression loneliness even suicide. Then as his art developed and his love of gardening led to the glories of his garden at Giverney his humour insight and love of life is revealed.  Shot on location in Paris London Normandy and Venice I Claude Monet is a cinematic immersion into some of the most loved and iconic scenes in Western Art.
444449 A ship is wrecked on the rocks. Viola is washed ashore but her twin brother Sebastian is lost. Determined to survive on her own she steps out to explore a new land. So begins a whirlwind of mistaken identity and unrequited love. The nearby households of Olivia and Orsino are overrun with passion. Even Olivia's upright housekeeper Malvolia is swept up in the madness. Where music is the food of love and nobody is quite what they seem anything proves possible.
444457 The story has been told before but never like this.  An occupied desert nation. A radical from the wilderness on hunger strike. A girl whose mysterious dance will change the course of the world.  This charged retelling turns the infamous biblical tale on its head placing the girl we call Salomé at the centre of a revolution.  Internationally acclaimed theatre director Yaėl Farber (Les Blancs) draws on multiple accounts to create her urgent hypnotic production on the stage of the National Theatre. ‘Epic. A near-perfect production.’ Guardian (on Les Blancs)
444510 Blast off to adventure in this animated feature where our favorite space-age family The Jetsons meet the superstars of WWE! When George unearths WWE’s Big Show who has been frozen for 100 years the futuristic face-off begins! Once thawed Big Show wastes no time in taking the WWE belt from the current robot champ as well as taking total control of Orbit City. It’s up to The Jetsons to travel back in time and enlist help from WWE’s brightest stars: Sheamus Alicia Fox Roman Reigns Seth Rollins and the Uso brothers. Can this cosmic tag-team prevail and set this twisted time-warp straight? Tune in and see with The Jetsons and WWE!
444606 In an era of PR and spin Dennis Skinner is a thrillingly authentic political figure: fearsome principled and uncompromising he has been sticking up for the interests of the people of his constituency in Bolsover since 1970. An ex-miner he was represented his community through the industrial action of the 1970s the closure of the mines and the slow drift to the ‘centre-ground’ within Labour politics. Famous for his sharp wit and unyielding style Skinner has remained true to his roots fighting for the disadvantaged and often getting himself into trouble in Parliament. The story of both a towering figure and the fortunes of progressive politics in Britain over the last half-century.
"444832 Legendary Swedish symphonic progressive rock band ANGLAGARD is proud to present their first ever professionally filmed concert. ""Live: Made in Norway"" was captured at Musikkflekken Sandvika Norway on February 21st 2015 a perfect testimony of Anglagard's unique take on progressive rock showcasing their swirling angular crescendos along with frenetic rhythms and howling mellotron blended with truly emotional sudden softer passages. A sonic rollercoaster of aggressive music in odd meter subtle parts and melancholic beauty building suspense and abrupt stops with a wondrous interplay of sounds this visual presentation is definitely not for the faint-hearted"
444931 Before Google Yahoo and even Apple before the Silicon Valley cliché of informal dress code skateboards running the corridors and wild creativity became commonplace one company embodied the digital economy lifestyle and business style: the one firm coming out of the Age of Aquarius was Atari.  The story of Atari is two-thirds the story of Nolan Bushnell founder and visionary and one-third the first and probably biggest boom and bust of the new economy some 20 years before the new economy even existed.  Atari was showing that technology is cool way before the personal computer revolution took place and they were reaching out to an ever-growing audience with something that is still cool today: video games.  Atari literally introduced the digital world to the mass consciousness.
445238 “In 1946 my great-grandfather murdered a black man named Bill Spann and got away with it.” So begins Travis Wilkerson’s critically acclaimed documentary DID YOU WONDER WHO FIRED THE GUN? which takes us on a journey through the American South to uncover the truth behind a horrific incident and the societal mores that allowed it to happen. Acting as narrator and guide Wilkerson spins a strange frightening tale incorporating scenes from TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD the music of Janelle Monįe and Phil Ochs and the story of Rosa Parks’ investigation into the Recy Taylor case as well as his own family history for a gripping investigation into our collective past and its echoes into the present day.
445293 Allow us to present yet another challenges bonanza crammed with volcanoes World speed records flying caravans unstable Reliant Robins jaw dropping races and cars exploding all over the place. No other programme offers so much for so little of your I.Q.  Motorhomes The Making of the Car Advert British Sports Cars Cheap Saloons in Germany The Dakar Car Versus the Snowmobiles Topsy Turvy Reliant Robins The Veyron in Hyperdrive Airport Vehicles Race The Caravan Airship The Twingo in Belfast May's Volcanic Adventure Gravity Drop Race
445316 If the melting pot theory ever existed in America it happened in New Orleans. This presentation examines a group of marginalized mixed-race Americans who are both multi-cultural and multi-ethnic.  This documentary is the first authentic treatment of a group of Americans who proudly identify themselves as creoles. It provides first-hand accounts of their experiences in New Orleans. After reconstruction the Supreme Court decision Plessy v. Ferguson (1896) divided America into two worlds: one white and one disenfranchised black. The Creole stories they tell in this documentary speak to the social history of the united states where the fruits of the american dream were rewarded to those with European features light skin and good hair. Often survival meant giving up one's gens de couleur [colored people] identity to assimilate into white america. The process of becoming a productive american has been fraught with both rejection and racism for creoles of color. This is their story.
445374 The Ultimate Guide was a documentary made by BBC Events Production in London which aired on BBC Three in the run-up to the 50th anniversary of the Doctor Who. It gave a broad overview of the show's history and interviewed many people involved in its production over the years including five of the actors who portrayed the Doctor: Peter Davison Colin Baker Sylvester McCoy Paul McGann and David Tennant — as well as the current executive producer and head writer Steven Moffat.
445445 Full Steam to the Rescue! is a UK DVD featuring six episodes from the nineteenth series and two bonus episodes from the twentieth series.  Description: Duty calls at the Sodor Search and Rescue Centre! Rocky is called in to action to rescue poor derailed Henry. But when Rocky becomes derailed himself who will come to his aid? The alarm is sounded at the Search and Rescue Centre and the fast and fearless team race to the rescue. But with each vehicle trying to rescue him alone can they work as a team to get Rocky back on the tracks?! Full steam ahead with Thomas and his engine heroes!
445571 Max and Annie's weekly game night gets kicked up a notch when Max's brother Brooks arranges a murder mystery party -- complete with fake thugs and federal agents. So when Brooks gets kidnapped it's all supposed to be part of the game. As the competitors set out to solve the case they start to learn that neither the game nor Brooks are what they seem to be. The friends soon find themselves in over their heads as each twist leads to another unexpected turn over the course of one chaotic night.
446493 After fast-paced New York City high-end real estate broker Fiona Rangely (Lacey Chabert) gets dumped by her boyfriend she escapes to her family’s quaint Vermont Inn for a few days to slow down and evaluate her life. When her ex-boyfriend Nate shows up at the Inn with a brand new girlfriend Fiona quickly devises a plan to win him back: pretend the handsome and very laid- back head chef Derek (Carlo Marks) is her new boyfriend! Much to the surprise of Derek --and to Fiona herself-- in pretending to be in love she realizes that she’s been thrown a curveball: sometimes the best things in life are worth the wait.
446653 Discover the definitive truth about 9/11 and learn why even the most popular movies on the subject have failed to address the evidence exhaustively presented in this video.  The facts will make it abundantly clear that the so-called 9/11 “Truth” movement has been infiltrated and is ultimately controlled by the same criminal group who masterminded the attacks.  As they say ‘if you want to control the dissent you lead the dissent.’ Utilizing evidence from the FBI CIA NSA US Armed Forces Intelligence sectors Foreign Intelligence organizations local law enforcement agencies and independent investigators Missing Links goes where no other 9/11 video has dared to.
446829 Max is assigned to the White House while Butch the secret service dog is on maternity leave. He meets TJ a 12 year old boy who is the President's son. Due to his father's high profile he is trying hard to fit in and lead a normal life. During a state visit by the Russian President and his daughter Alexandra (Alex) TJ is asked to accompany her during their stay. TJ befriends Alex but when they get into trouble Max comes to the rescue!
"447288 Maniac Tales tells the story of Juan a Mexican illegal immigrant in New York who is offered a job as a doorman in an old building of the city. It turns out that the screenwriter of ""Maniac Tales"" a very popular TV series lives in the building but has disappeared with the script of the last chapter of the season and a reward is offered to whoever can find that script. Juan decides to look for it and when he gets into the screenwriter's apartment he finds out that the TV series hides creepy secrets which are related to the building."
"447331 Known for his mournful ""Adagio for Strings"" Samuel Barber was never quite fashionable. This acclaimed film is a probing exploration of his music and melancholia. Performance oral history musicology and biography combine to explore the life and music of one of America’s greatest composers. Features Thomas Hampson Leonard Slatkin Marin Alsop and many more of the world's leading experts on Barber's music with tributes from composers Leonard Bernstein Aaron Copland Virgil Thomson and William Schuman. The film was broadcast on PBS and screened at nine film festivals internationally with three best-of awards. It was named a Recording of the Year 2017 by MusicWeb International."
447655 After taking a break for the summer before their senior year Ryan and Jess rekindle their relationship and find out that Jess is pregnant with twins. When Ryan's mother demands a paternity test they find out that Ryan is only the father of one baby... The other father is Ryan's best friend Bryce who Ryan discovers date raped Jess at a party over the summer. With college recruiters and an overbearing father looming over Bryce's head he will stop at nothing to make sure that he clears his name--even if it means getting rid of Jess and her babies! Morgan Obenreder Mark Grossman Megan Gallagher Griffin Freeman David Starzyk star. (2017)
447678 Starring the incomparable Rowan Atkinson as Mr. Bean this DVD features 5 of the funniest and most inspired episodes from the timelessly hysterical hit TV show. First unleashed in 1989 the classic British series emerged from Rowan Atkinson's stage performances which featured the silent physically outrageous comic acting that won him an International Emmy Award a Cable Ace Award the Golden Rose of Montreaux--and a global cult following. The madcap brilliance of the awkward man-child puts Bean right on par with greats such as Buster Keaton and Charlie Chaplin. Atkinson's visual humor and infantile havoc-wreaking transcend linguistic frontiers in this irresistible comedy montage. This special collection features the best of the best with absolutely classic sketches featuring all the funniest most gut-busting moments in Bean history.
447748 Grace has agreed to marry Sir Harcourt in return for his financial support of her family. At a house party in her father's place Harcourt's son Charles also falls in love with Grace. When his father appears on the scene he has to convince him that there is a case of mistaken identity and he is somebody else. Then Lady Gay Spanker a married woman also visiting at the house is persuaded by Charles to seduce his father and thus divert his attention from Grace. Much confusion and scheming ensues.
447818 From the director of Generation Iron comes the anticipated sequel that will depict 5 of the top bodybuilding and fitness mega-stars on a quest of achieving the ultimate physique and taking it to the next extreme level. In the world of social media and internet the rules have changed as to what makes an iconic bodybuilding mass-monster. Starring Kai Greene Calum Von Moger Rich Piana among others this film will explore an all new generation of bodybuilders and how this new world and new people carve their own path to physique perfection.
448119 After losing his wife seven years earlier the eccentric Dr. John Dolittle famed doctor and veterinarian of Queen Victoria’s England hermits himself away behind the high walls of Dolittle Manor with only his menagerie of exotic animals for company. But when the young queen falls gravely ill a reluctant Dolittle is forced to set sail on an epic adventure to a mythical island in search of a cure regaining his wit and courage as he crosses old adversaries and discovers wondrous creatures.
448252 Not long after John Chambers and his family arrive at their new home in a small country town of Pennsylvania John begins to experience sleep paralysis. Lying there paralyzed trapped within his own nightmare other-worldly beings visit John. They are entities which exist in the darkest shadows of the night and can only be seen out of the corner of one's eye. These encounters begin to haunt John transforming to complete terror as he discovers the entities' sole purpose... the abduction of his seven year old son. In the end John will uncover the town's horrific secret a portal on his land and make one last attempt to save his son before the shadow people permanently take him away to their world.
"448281 The unsolved murders of Tupac Shakur and Christopher ""Biggie Smalls"" Wallace still stir the public's imagination after 20 years. Yet law enforcement has been at a standstill to produce results. The producers of ""American Federale"" and the first two ""Assassination"" films finally unravel the tangled cases and expose not only who may have done it but also why these cases have never seen justice. Battle For Compton"" is the story of ""The Machine""; a group of high powered individuals with a very dark secret they killed to keep and have spent the last 20 years hiding- hoping one day it will all go away- before they do."
448351 At the 1996 Atlanta Games the Magnificent Seven became the first American women to ever win gymnastics team gold.  Sixteen years later in London the Fierce Five joined them in the history books.  Relive all the excitement as Gabby Douglas Aly Raisman Jordyn Wieber McKayla Maroney and Kyla Ross take the lead from the first rotation and never look back on their way to gold.  Follow Gabby Douglas on her way to the podium to make it three straight American gold medals in the individual all-around competition.  Every individual event final is featured on this DVD including Aly Raisman's historic gold-medal performance in the floor exercise her bronze on the balance beam as well as McKayla Maroney's silver medal in the vault.
448366 Witness Marvel's epic journey from its comic book origins to its blockbuster film franchises through seven exclusive featurettes. Get the inside story with exclusive behind-the-scenes footage and cast interviews and discover the history behind its legendary characters and films -- Iron Man The Incredible Hulk Iron Man 2 Thor Captain America: The First Avenger and Marvel's The Avengers! With over 90 minutes of original footage this is your all-access pass to Marvel and Phase One of the Marvel Cinematic Universe!
448444 Describing herself as a 'street queen' Johnson was a legendary fixture in New York City’s gay ghetto and a tireless voice for LGBT pride since the days of Stonewall who along with fellow trans icon Sylvia Rivera founded Street Transvestites Action Revolutionaries (S.T.A.R.) a trans activist group based in the heart of NYC’s Greenwich Village. Her death in 1992 was declared a suicide by the NYPD but friends never accepted that version of events. Structured as a whodunit with activist Victoria Cruz cast as detective and audience surrogate The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson celebrates the lasting political legacy of Johnson while seeking to finally solve the mystery of her unexplained death.
448861 Live footage of Runrig's concerts at Loch Lomond Edinburgh Castle their Western Isles tour and throughout Europe in 1991.  Songs include: Always The Winner - Solus Na Madainn / The Morning Light - Healer In Your Heart - Every River - Harvest Moon - Hearthammer - Abhainn An t-Sluaigh / The Crowded River - Headlights - Edge Of The World - Alba / Scotland - Instrumental - An Cuibhle Mņr / The Big Wheel - I'll Keep Coming Home - Tear Down These Walls - Pride Of The Summer - Flower Of The West - Loch Lomond - This Beautiful Pain
449041 Taking its lead from French artists like Renoir and Monet the American impressionist movement followed its own path which over a forty-year period reveals as much about America as a nation as it does about its art as a creative power-house. It’s a story closely tied to a love of gardens and a desire to preserve nature in a rapidly urbanizing nation. Travelling to studios gardens and iconic locations throughout the United States UK and France this mesmerising film is a feast for the eyes.  The Artist’s Garden: American Impressionism features the sell-out exhibition The Artist’s Garden: American Impressionism and the Garden Movement 1887–1920 that began at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts and ended at the Florence Griswold Museum Old Lyme Connecticut.
449100 THE NEAL MORSE BAND featuring MIKE PORTNOY the 38 musicians on stage create a prog orchestra. Friday night's performance of the Question Mark album.  Free from the constraints of studio recording deadlines MORSE added any instrumentation he imagined including live strings a 5-piece horn section and a 14-piece choir (in addition to background singers and the vocals of the band). At the center is THE NEAL MORSE BAND:  singer/guitarist/keyboardist Neal Morse drummer Mike Portnoy bassist Randy George keyboardist Bill Hubauer and guitarist Eric Gillette.
449106 THE NEAL MORSE BAND featuring MIKE PORTNOY the 38 musicians on stage create a prog orchestra. Saturday night's performance of the Sola Scriptura album.  Free from the constraints of studio recording deadlines MORSE added any instrumentation he imagined including live strings a 5-piece horn section and a 14-piece choir (in addition to background singers and the vocals of the band). At the center is THE NEAL MORSE BAND:  singer/guitarist/keyboardist Neal Morse drummer Mike Portnoy bassist Randy George keyboardist Bill Hubauer and guitarist Eric Gillette.
449388 In 2009 the bodies of dozens of migrants who had been trying to reach Europe via the Canary Islands were washed up by ocean currents onto a beach in Mauritania. Among these bodies was that of a young white woman. Intrigued by this incident eight years later the filmmaker returns to Senegal where he had been involved as a producer in shooting a famous film. He says: “Coming back to Africa plunged me into different emotions: the adoption of my African children whom I’d intended to raise there friends who collaborated closely on the film Hyčnes and who died too young and whom I’ve never really mourned…” The powerful images of the film a film adaptation of The Visit by Friedrich Dürrenmatt are combined with those of the present where Pierre-Alain Meier with the help of a few travelling companions meets the witnesses and those responsible for this terrible incident as well as with the intimate pictures from his family archives dedicated to his three Ethiopian children.
449392 We watch from behind as a person with a sling bag walks through the night before melting among her peers in a refuge in Mexico welcoming those women and men who are fleeing a political situation an economic impasse enriching organised crime. It is of little matter where these migrants come from as it is above all a matter of staying alive and avoiding the gangs that keep an eye on the long path to exile. However everyone knows the goal: to get into the north of the continent the United States or Canada at all costs aboard goods trains which they hang onto dangerously. In complete immersion Hubert Caron-Guay filmed this last chance voyage in which waiting contends with anguish even though solidarity is tangible at times like in the sequence where a man enjoins his companions in misfortune to “run at the same speed as the train” otherwise death is certain.
449453 HONDROS follows the life and career of famous war photographer Chris Hondros by exploring the poignant and often surprising stories behind this award-winning photojournalist's best-known photos. Driven by a commitment to bear witness to the wars of our time after the events of 9/11 Chris was among the first in a new generation of war photographers since Vietnam. HONDROS explores the complexities inherent in covering more than a decade of conflict while trying to maintain a normal life. It also examines the unknowable calculus involved in making split-second life and death decisions -- before during and after his photos were made. Chris was killed in Libya in 2011 but he left a lasting impact on his profession that is still felt today.
449508 In Beirut Syrian construction workers are building a skyscraper while at the same time their own houses at home are being shelled. The Lebanese war is over but the Syrian one still rages on. The workers are locked in the building site. They are not allowed to leave it after 19.00. The Lebanese government has imposed night-time curfews on the refugees. The only contact with the outside world for these Syrian workers is the hole through which they climb out in the morning to begin a new day of work. Cut off from their homeland they gather at night around a small TV set to get the news from Syria. Tormented by anguish and anxiety while suffering the deprivation of the most basic human and workers right they keep hoping for a different life.
"449959 Aisyah just graduated. She lives in Ciwidey West Java a religious village near a tea plantation with her mother and younger brother. Her father had died a few years ago. She wants to be a teacher. One day she gets a call from the foundation where she enrolled: she gets her wish fulfilled at the location that she never knows: Derok North Middle Timor District.  From the beginning she feels like a ""foreigner"". The local people mistake her as Sister Maria just because she wears a veil like a sister. The people is expecting the arrival of Sister Maria as a teacher in the village. This isolated village is without electricity and cellular signals. The new environment the different tradition and religion make Aisyah giddy. Fortunately there is Pedro (Arie Kriting) who makes the problems easy. She must face the hatred of one of his student Lordis Defam. Through the chief she understand that she is a Muslim who is considered an enemy by Lordis Defam who is a catholic"
450259 Mitrice Richardson a lovely 24 year old African-American woman was released late at night from the Malibu California Sheriffs jail after having been detained for not paying her bill at an upscale restaurant. She was described as 'acting crazy' and in fact was having a mental crisis. She was released into the mountainous region with no cell no purse no ID no car no way home and vanished. Eleven months later her remains were found in a desolate Malibu canyon. 'Lost Compassion' shot from ten days after Mitrice went missing tells the complex emotional inside story of the search for Mitrice and struggles with the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department whose deputies lied about her arrest and likely were involved with her disappearance and murder.
"450494 The turbulent life of soul and blues singer the late Joe Cocker. A former gas fitter from Sheffield catapulted to world stardom in 1969 at Woodstock with his legendary performance of the Beatles song ""A Little Help from My Friends"". But in the early 1970s Joe Cocker's inner demons nearly killed him. Overcoming his struggles with alcohol and drugs he rebuilt his reputation as ""one of the great primal rock and roll vocalists of all time"" (Billy Joel's description). The film mixes Joe Cocker's own words with rare archive. His wife (Pam Cocker) & family friends and the legendary songwriters and musicians he collaborated with tell Joe Cocker's story. The film has raw historic electric performance footage throughout. Extensive interviews of key people through his life include: Pam Cocker Ben Fong-Torres (Rolling Stone magazine editor) Randy Newman Jimmy Webb Billy Joel Rita Coolidge Deric Dyer Glyn Johns and numerous others."
"450497 This film explores ""Tapping"" a new discovery that combines ancient Chinese acupressure and modern psychology with startling results.  The Tapping Solution explores Tapping in a way that's never been seen before. The film combines the wisdom and experience of world famous teachers speakers and motivators with an element that's usually missing: REAL LIFE CASES unfolding before your eyes. Ten people spend four days working with Tapping practitioners to see if they can turn their lives around. The results are fully documented and the ride is one that you'll never forget."
450648 “White Boy Rick” as he was called was a novelty: A white teenager seemingly running a major inner-city drug operation. In May of 1987 17-year-old Richard Wershe Jr. was charged with a non-violent juvenile drug offense. By the time of his arrest he was already a Detroit legend frequently making front-page headlines and leading the local television news. In this film gangsters hit men journalists and federal agents struggle to explain why he remains in prison at nearly 50 years old. The possible explanation is more stunning than the crimes Wershe was alleged to have committed.
"451008 ""If you could bring her back would you?"" This is the question burning deep within the mind of Jake a man already torn apart by the brutal death of his fiancé Sarah. In an attempt to snap him out of his emotional tempest  Tila his sister convinces Jake to join her and her friends on a camping trip to an abandoned ghost town as a way to relax and get away from it all. However things soon go wrong when Jake unknowingly discovers the dark secret of the town; a secret hinted within the warnings to stay away and leave from Merlock the sheriff of a nearby town. Jake and the others ignore the warnings and press on unaware of the events they are setting forth and the fatal price that will have to be paid to answer this single burning question... ""If you could bring her back would you?""  - Written by Mad Angel Films"
451084 A touching story of friendship struggle and triumph the film follows the journey of two Somali national soccer team friends chasing their dreams in the face of impossible odds. After surviving two decades of war Saadiq 17 and Sa’ad 19 the team’s most promising stars enter the only televised match of the year hoping scouts will be watching. With passports of no value on the world stage soccer may be their only shot to escape a growing terror threat persecution and poverty. Against the backdrop of fear and shared sacrifice they embark on separate but equally improbable journeys. In the opportunity of a lifetime Saadiq sets off for America with dreams of an education and a soccer career. Sa’ad continues his career in Mogadishu with the hopes of someday being reunited with his friend. Their biggest dream is shared – to be symbols of hope to generations who have only known war.
451197 Stan Romanek is the center of the world's most documented extraterrestrial contact story and the multitude of evidence accumulated over the past decade has convinced thousands around the world that his story is true. This documentary film takes audiences on a journey through Stan's past present and future with one goal in mind: help the world understand that no one knowingly chooses the challenges Stan and his family have endured. This film's intention is not to prove the existence of UFOs and extraterrestrials but it does pose the question' What if this is all true? extraordinary: the stan romanek story is about one man's evolution through a life he did not choose and the messages he is driven to deliver to mankind.
451435 This observational documentary follows the men behind the Super-PACs that persuaded Dr Ben Carson to run for President. Believing Carson can save the Republican Party they successfully draft him to run raise millions of dollars and catapult him to the top of the polls. However as Carson's political inexperience begins to show his constant media gaffes make fundraising increasingly difficult. Donors and voters abandon Carson's campaign as wallets close hearts open and faith is tested. As Trump inexplicably rises the campaign descends into chaos and the PACmen begin to wonder - did they pick the wrong savior?
"451438 ""Fascinating India 4K"" spreads an impressive panorama of India s historical and contemporary world. The film presents the most important cities royal residences and temple precincts. It follows the trail of different religious denominations which have influenced India up to the present day. Simon Busch and Alexander Sass traveled for months through the north of the Indian subcontinent to discover what is hidden under India s exotic and enigmatic surface and to show what is rarely revealed to foreigners. The film deals with daily life in India. In Varanasi people burn their dead to ashes. At the Kumbh Mela the biggest religious gathering in the world 35 million pilgrims bathe in holy River Ganges. This is the first time India is presented in such an alluring and engaging fashion on screen"
451572 Fifty years after the original Star Trek first arrived on television is there anything about Gene Roddenberry's space opera that hasn't been uncovered? Plenty! On December 13 2016 fans can experience Star Trek: The Original Series - The Roddenberry Vault a newly produced multi-part documentary featuring footage from the cutting room floor long preserved in film canisters by the Roddenberry Estate. The origins of the classic series are explored with new interviews featuring cast and production personnel combined with newly-found deleted scenes alternate angles outtakes behind the scenes moments and original visual effects elements to tell the definitive story on the making and enduring legacy of Gene Roddenberry's creation.
451849 Obesity has become one of the most overwhelming diseases in our modern society even now considered to be of epidemic proportions. This documentary film dives into this sensitive but socially powerful topic and exposes shocking statistics of the fattening of our culture. Kenny Saylors overweight himself faces his own fat in his life as he embarks upon a 55 day Doctor supervised water fast to see the effects of this ancient practice on our bodies today and to examine if healing properties truly do exist within our own bodies in this extreme method of food restriction.
"451891 ""Hardwired... to Self-Destruct"" release live session for 850 fans at House of Vans London England and streamed online via Youtube on November 18th 2016. Kirk Hammett's Birthday. Setlist: Breadfan (Budgie cover) / The Four Horsemen / Battery / Sad but True (Kirk's solo ended by 'Prowler' riff) / Fade to Black / Atlas Rise! / Harvester of Sorrow / Moth Into Flame (Rob's solo) / One / Master of Puppets / For Whom the Bell Tolls / Enter Sandman / Whiskey in the Jar (cover) / Hardwired / Seek &amp; Destroy"
"452134 A story of two wannabe Schoolies on the Gold Coast during a state-wide crackdown on drugs. The boys stumble upon a stash of ""weed"" and through the misguidance of an older brother trying to replace his earlier Schoolies experience they get caught up in the war on drugs waged by the authorities. Selling drugs to earn enough money to replace a broken heirloom they are oblivious to the battle around them. As they are pursued by an overzealous Police Chief and a violent underworld they aim to be kings and make this the best Schoolies ever."
452229 Sri Lanka 1983 Jude Ratman is five years old. On a red train he feels the massacre of the Tamils instigated by the Pro-Sinhalese majoritarian government. Now a filmmaker he takes the same train from South to North. As he advances the traces of the violence of the 26-year-old war and the one which turned the Tamil's fight for freedom into a self-destructive terrorism pass before his eyes. Reminiscing the hidden souvenirs of fighters and Tamil Tigers he unveils the repressed memories of his compatriots opening the door to a new era and making peace possible again. DEMONS IN PARADISE is the result of ten years of work. For the first time a Tamil documentary filmmaker living in Sri Lanka is seeing the Civil war from the inside.
452311 In 2003 the United States pre-emptively attacked Iraq in a war that would last for eight years claiming an estimated 189000 lives costing over $2 trillion and causing untold economic and emotional devastation for the Iraqi people.  In this 2007 documentary that originally aired on Bill Moyers Journal Moyers investigates big media’s role as cheerleader in the clamor for war in the months preceding the March 19 2003 invasion. How did the mainstream press get it so wrong in the run-up to the Iraq War?
452523 After 20 years of intergalactic war humanity must make a final stand against the Ma'har invaders. Dispatched to the treacherous deserts of Gauda Prime Lieutenant Sharp and his unit must find and destroy the enemy's central weapon the dreaded Ma'har dream machine.  The obstacles are daunting- giant mutated creatures and an army of zombified sand troopers stand between the unit and their objective. They must thwart a devious politician and her hideously disfigured mercenary The Face. Political intrigue will prove as challenging as the monstrous faun of Gauda Prime but Sharp's team are humanity's only fighting chance against the deadly Ma'har armada.
"452590 This is about a Little League coach Joe Finn whose pursuit of fame and fortune leaves him with little but broken relationships-particularly with his son. Determined to win back his son and reunite other kids with their own all-too-absent fathers Joe starts a new father-son baseball league. Dads are required to practice daily with their sons. Teams must follow ""Joe's Rules"" for baseball: players can lead off no mandatory rotations no ties and games are played a full 9 innings or more. With only half a season left to produce a winning team Joe's return to the purity of the game begins to transform everything from Joe's own heart to local prison inmates to fathers and sons in neighboring towns... all because every boy needs a HERO."
453203 All seems normal with Joseph and Joanne. Joanne is pregnant with their first child. Life in their little urban house is cozy and familiar. But something is off about Joseph. He doesn’t seem excited about the baby. Work on his documentary is becoming increasingly untethered. As Joseph struggles to maintain the routines of his domestic life his mask begins to slip. Late at night while Joanne thinks he is working Joseph prowls the streets of Los Angeles deliberately courting danger. Joanne is growing worried about Joseph’s odd behavior. But not as worried as she should be.
453209 Celebrating the release of their eighth studio album Wonderland Take That invite you to experience their highly anticipated 2017 concert LIVE at your local cinema on Friday 9th of June!  For one night only cinema audiences will be able to experience this show up close and personal from the best seats in the house. For the first time ever Gary Mark and Howard will perform in the round at the O2 arena giving fans a unique and unbeatable cinematic experience.  Walls of water enormous holograms circus performers aerialists a custom made flying machine and a huge ball of fire have all graced their stages and the Wonderland Live concert will be no less spectacular - get ready for it!
453263 Tipsy Canoe (Actually Huizenga) was once an innocent child of the 90's. But after a gory initiation by immortal gang leader Bop (Ryan Linkof) she has developed not only a twisted blood-lust but a desperate addiction to fame and youth. She needs to be loved in order to live. And now in the year 2205 after marauding the streets with her gang of Warlords for over 200 years Tipsy must find new ways to be adored. Her life is a dizzying tale of excess and depravity. If she can persuade top Hollywoodite RIsha (Elisha Drons) to write a book about it will her sick desires be fulfilled?
453975 The Last Animals is a story about an extraordinary group of people who go to incredible lengths to save the planet's last animals. The documentary follows the conservationists scientists and activists battling poachers and transnational trafficking syndicates to protect elephants and rhinos from extinction. From Africa's front lines to behind the scenes of Asian markets the film takes an intense look at the global response to this slaughter and the desperate measures to genetically rescue the Northern White rhinos who are on the edge of extinction.
454647 The global economy is in crisis. Our biosphere's inability to absorb human activity combined with the exhaustion of natural resources declining productivity slow growth rising unemployment and steep inequality forces us to rethink our economic models. Where do we go from here? In this compelling feature-length documentary social and economic theorist Jeremy Rifkin lays out a road map to usher in a new era of sustainable development. A Third Industrial Revolution will unfold when three technologies emerge and converge: new communication new sources of energy and new modes of mobility. But in the context of climate change it needs to happen fast. Change of this magnitude requires political will and a profound ideological shift.
454708 U2 Talking Heads Depeche Mode Blondie Duran Duran Tears for Fears The Clash The Cure: Over half a billion records sold but you may never have heard of them if not for a small suburban radio station on Long Island NY: WLIR. In August 1982 a small group of radio visionaries knew they couldn't compete with the mega-stations in New York City. With one brave decision they changed the sound of radio forever. Program Director Denis McNamara the 'LIR crew and the biggest artists of the era tell the story of how they battled the FCC the record labels mega-radio and all the conventional rules to create a musical movement that brought the New Wave to America.
455051 What happens when a gang of Form Five Ipoh boys embark on a 100km hike to fulfill a King Scouts requirement but come back on the road to becoming men?  Goodbye Boys is a simple journey with complicated realizations. Set in 1990 Malaysia it is about a gang of pimply guys with raging hormones undecided ambitions and formative identities. They set out on a grueling 5-day journey through the Kinta Valley – once the richest tin deposit in the world now an abandoned plain - that changes friendships and selves.
"455240 Josh Biggs (Tyler Langdon The Incredible Burt Wonderstone) is a young man riddled with severe anxiety. When he agrees to be the subject of an experiment pertaining to the treatment of social anxiety disorder he hopes it will be the end of his troubles... and a way to get closer to its pretty conductor Aurora Pilar (Hollywood Reel Independent Film Festival ""Best Actress"" winner Laura Alexandra Ramos). Little does he know he's about to endure the battle of his life. In a performance that skillfully juggles drama and comedy Langdon leads a colorful cast in this poignant character study. Nerve is an ""instant indie classic"" that takes real risks."
455325 As Rio de Janeiro took to the world stage with preparations for the 2014 FIFA World Cup and 2016 Summer Olympics a community of self-described “urban Indians” organized to fight back against their forced evictions joining forces with other marginalized groups. A familiar narrative has emerged as these roaming corporate sporting events descend upon metropolises causing major disruption and corruption to local democracies while displacing the most vulnerable. The resistance continues to grow from country to country diminishing the power of these conglomerates with activism independent media coverage and the determination of locals to hold their ground. Spending six years following their plight Jason O’Hara embedded himself within these communities steadfastly committed to highlighting the injustices that abound. Now that the spotlight moves on to Russia and Japan for these events it’s increasingly necessary to witness the battles fought so they don’t end in vain
455522 In Fabrizio Terranova’s film Donna Haraway – an original thinker and activist one of the founders of cyberfeminism and the author of A Cyborg Manifesto which proposed a number of innovative theories about the existence of scientific knowledge – calls for the abandonment of the idea of human exceptionalism and for a conception of the world as complex web of interconnections between people animals and machines. Jellyfish can be seen flying around her home while she discusses the stories that are necessary for Earth’s preservation and reads her fantastic tale of the art of survival on a broken planet and of fusion and care between the species.
455550 Prepare yourself for a sensory overload of epic proportions. Nothing less than the history of the universe the formation of the stars and planets the origins of matter and the daunting post-human future that lies ahead are explored in this mind-bending experience. Photon is an ultra-ambitious summation of human knowledge that combines stunning phantasmagoric visuals and a dense but engaging even dryly humorous voiceover in what you might call an experimental science lesson—a crash course in well everything. How did we come to be? How are we as we are? The biggest questions are asked and answered with inventiveness and aplomb. Photon even delves into the biological foundations of human behaviours such as violence and alcoholism. Dazzling animation visualizes that which we could otherwise not see ingeniously illustrating details of quantum physics. It’s a strong dose of eye and brain candy in equal measure.
455592 This is the story of Dame Barbara Windsor the Cockney kid with a dazzling smile and talent to match. Preparing to perform in the theatre one cold evening in 1993 the cheeky chirpy blonde Babs recounts the people and events that have shaped her life and career over fifty years from 1943 to 1993. She contemplates her lonely childhood and WWII evacuation her decision to go from Barbara Ann Deeks to Barbara Windsor - inspired by the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II her complicated relationship with her father her doomed marriage to Ronnie Knight capturing the attention of Joan Littlewood and becoming the blonde bombshell in the Carry On films. Babs ever the consummate professional never lets her fans down whatever her personal anguish and steps on the stage to rapturous applause.
455616 Freedom is defined as the power of self-determination attributed to the will; the quality of being independent of fate or necessity. To reach that level of liberty is a physical and mental endeavor that many will risk their life to obtain. Is life worth risking for the feeling of conquering fear and becoming free?  Olympic Freestyle skier Jossi Wells meets extreme sports performing artists The Flying Frenchies to find out what it really means to be free and what drives individuals to chase such a powerful right.  Directed by Toa Fraser this is the story of men who push themselves to the point of no return. There is no going back when death is at your door and you realize that this is the most important moment of your life because it could be your very last.
"455824 After the acclaimed Met premiere of Thomas Adčs's ""The Tempest"" in 2012 the composer returned with another masterpiece this time inspired by filmmaker Luis Buńuel's seminal surrealist classic ""El Įngel Exterminador"" during the 2017–18 season. As the opera opens a group of elegant socialites gather for a lavish dinner party but when it is time to leave for the night no one is able to escape. Soon their behavior becomes increasingly erratic and savage. The large ensemble cast tackles both the vocal and dramatic demands of Adčs's opera with one riveting performance after another. Tom Cairns who also penned the work's libretto directs an engrossing and inventive production using a towering wooden archway to trap the characters onstage. And Adčs himself takes the podium to conduct the frenzied score which features a host of unconventional instruments including the eerie electronic ondes Martenot."
455963 In 2010 David Crowley an Iraq veteran aspiring filmmaker and charismatic up-and-coming voice in fringe politics began production on his film Gray State. Set in a dystopian near-future where civil liberties are trampled by an unrestrained federal government the film’s crowd funded trailer was enthusiastically received by the burgeoning online community of libertarians Tea Party activists and members of the nascent alt-right. In January of 2015 Crowley was found dead with his family in their suburban Minnesota home. Their shocking deaths quickly become a cause célčbre for conspiracy theorists who speculate that Crowley was assassinated by a shadowy government concerned about a film and filmmaker that was getting too close to the truth about their aims.
456170 Up until just over 30 years ago when the desktop computer debuted the whole design production process would have been done primarily by hand and with the aide of analog machines. The design and print industries used a variety of ways to get type and image onto film plates and finally to the printed page. Graphic Means is a journey through this transformative Mad Men-era of pre-digital design production to the advent of the desktop computer. It explores the methods tools and evolving social roles that gave rise to the graphic design industry as we know it today.
456185 AMERICAN COUP tells the story of the first coup ever carried out by the CIA - Iran 1953. Explores the blowback from this seminal event as well as the coup's lingering effects on the present US-Iranian relationship. Includes a segment on the 1979 Iranian Hostage Crisis and its relation to the 1953 coup. Concludes with a section on the recent Iranian presidential election. Contains interviews with noted Middle East experts and historians and prominent public figures such as Stephen Kinzer (author All The Shah's Men) Prof. Ervand Abrahamian Trita Parsi Col. Lawrence Wilkerson Ted Koppel and Rep. Ron Paul of Texas. With Iranian cinematography by James Longley.
"456285 ""The Orange Odyssey DVD is the complete live set TD performed Open Air on July 1st for the Inauguration Ceremony of the Paul Wunderlich Museum in Eberswalde near Berlin. You'll see TD full of passion strength and lady power. The very interesting merging of music generic lights and full laser program has made this performance to a quite outstanding experience for those who could attend the concert. Especially for TD's diehard brigade it's a meal deluxe and hardly comparable to other moving pics from orange dreamland. Did you ever hear about the effectiveness of acoustic amphetamines -- here you have it!"""
456375 Children's author Dorothy Gale makes a decent living continuing her grandfather's series of Oz books. When a new agent enters the scene Dorothy moves to New York city. In the midst of a major business deal for her books Dorothy discovers that her books are not based on her imagination but on repressed memories. While Dorothy struggles with the revelation she is forced to confront The Wicked Witch of the West who has descended upon the Big Apple determined to settle an old score.
456500 In this explosive episode Steve Quayle Timothy Alberino and Tom Horn pick up the trail of the Anasazi Indians in the Desert Southwest of the United States. Their groundbreaking investigation reveals a dark and gruesome secret concerning the sudden annihilation of this mysterious tribe and a cover-up of gigantic proportions. What they discover will demand the re-writing of American history!  Join Timothy Alberino as he explores the enigmatic island of Sardinia in the Western Mediterranean Sea where the skeletal remains of giants are still being extracted from the tens of thousands of megalithic towers and tombs all over the island and hear the jaw-dropping testimony of those who were hired by the government to dig them out. Discover why Sardinia was ground-zero for the man-eating Canaanite giants that ravished the Promised Land before their expulsion by “Joshua the Robber”.
456508 This compelling Documentary moves beyond the spotlight and past the attention-grabbing headlines to give pop superstar Chris Brown a chance to tell his own story. New interviews with the international phenomenon reveal long-awaited answers about his passion for making music his tumultuous and much publicized relationships and the pitfalls of coming of age in the public eye. Also included is new concert footage behind-the-scenes access and special interviews from Usher Jennifer Lopez DJ Khaled Mike Tyson Jamie Foxx and others.
"456532 Twenty years after the tragic 1997 death of Princess Diana in Paris this ABC special provides new perspective on her final days. Host Martin Bashir who revealingly interviewed Diana in 1995 takes viewers inside her final months and days. ""The last 48 hours of her life we tell that story in fairly careful detail. There are some phone calls that take place there are some things that happen that I think are something of a revelation"" Bashir said. The documentary also looks at the prior years of Diana's life."
456923 In the early 1970s a young guitarist from Austin Texas began to make his name on the local blues circuit committed to a musical form many thought outdated. A decade on that same guitarist became an international superstar.  A player of passion energy and awe-inspiring technical virtuosity Stevie Ray Vaughan not only brought the blues heritage of his home state to a global audience he reinvigorated the genre itself introducing it to a new generation of listeners in the process.  This film reveals and dissects the formative years of Stevie Ray Vaughan's career; his influences his first recordings and the bands with whom he honed his craft and traces the history of Texas blues itself identifying Vaughan's place within this larger tradition. It is the journey of both a musical form and the single-minded musician who brought it firmly back into the spotlight after decades of neglect.
457987 In Solar Revolution world-renowned German biophysicist Dieter Broers makes a compelling case pointing to a wealth of scientific evidence that shows a remarkable correlation between increases in solar activity and advances in our creative mental and spiritual abilities. We are in the midst of a dramatic rise in solar disturbances which have the capability of disrupting the Earth's geomagnetic field and as a result our global ecology. Broers however sees this not as an impending apocalypse but as the dawn of a new era. Drawing on research from a variety of disciplines he shows how erupting solar activity carries the potential to boost our brain capacity and expand our minds in ways we never imagined possible. Humankind is going through an evolutionary leap says Broers and the process has already begun.
458129 Ricky Bagaskoro (Rizky Nazar) high school student is in a dilemma: to pursue his dream of becoming teachers for displaced children or to follow the wishes of his father Bagas Notolegowo (Ray Sahetapy) to continue his study to the highest level. Bagas hopes Ricky will follow in his footsteps of being a politician.  Bagas is struggling to become president of Indonesia 2014-2019  to replace President Jusuf Syahrir (Deddy Sutomo). Preoccupations make his relationship with Ricky tenuous. Ricky does not agree with his father's steps. Ningrum (Donna Harun) a faithful wife and mother always tries to unify them.  The competition to the presidency between Bagas Notolegowo Faisal Abdul Hamid (Rudy Salam) and Syamsul Triadi (Akri Patrio) is very tight. Bagas makes a careless step. One simple decision makes all his dreams shattered .
458296 As the Syrian war continues to leave entire generations without education health care or a state Lost in Lebanon closely follows four Syrians during their relocation process. The resilience of this Syrian community which currently makes up one fifth of the population in Lebanon is astoundingly clear as its members work hard to collaborate share resources and advocate for themselves in a new land. With the Syrian conflict continuing to push across borders lives are becoming increasingly desperate due to the devastating consequences of new visa laws that the Lebanese government has implemented leaving families at risk of arrest detention and deportation. Despite these obstacles the film encourages us to look beyond the staggering statistics of displaced refugees and focus on the individuals themselves.
458306 It's been a long time since M.S.G. - Live At Budokan  Like a miracle Michael Schenker returns to Japan with his past original singers from the '80's to celebrate the Michael Schenker Fest with Gary Barden Graham Bonnet and Robin McAuley at the amazing International Forum in Tokyo. 5000 fans witnessed an anthology moment of hard rock music. Filmed and recorded at Tokyo’s International Forum on August 24 2016 this historic concert features guest appearances from some of the greatest rock vocalists who have worked with Schenker over the years including M.S.G.’S Gary Barden Graham Bonnet and Robin McAuley of the McAuley Schenker Group.
458352 Based on the first book of the Bible Genesis is a sweeping and poetic look at the beginning of man's relationship with God. While Jochebed (Venus Monique) hides in a shelter to protect her son from being murdered she tells him the story of her people over the course of a dangerous night. This film explores the idea that mankind will one day return to the place where we started but that the journey will be filled with hardship beauty and a desperate need to trust the Creator.
458388 The third volume from the new hit TV series includes four fun and spooky episodes for Halloween. Vampire Strikes Back: The gang runs into a real life vampire in a Transylvanian castle Mummy Scares Best: The gang investigates a mummy on the loose in Egypt High-Tech House of the Future: The gang is trapped in a beserk automated house of the future at the Omaha World Fair She Sees a Sea Monster by the Sea Shore: The gang's tropical island vacation is ruined by a boat-smashing sea monster.
458877 Jenn and Matt are best friends from college who are now in their thirties. Single by choice Jenn spends her days teaching hot yoga and running errands for her boss. Matt suffers from comic-book writer's block and can't get over his ex-boyfriend. They decide to fulfill a promise to have a child together... the old fashioned way. Can they navigate the serious and unexpected snags they hit as they attempt to get their careers and dating lives back on track in preparation for parenthood? 'Gayby' is an irreverent comedy about friendship sex loneliness and the family you choose.
459219 Six young black men from Akron Ohio enter college determined to redefine society's images and low expectations. Despite their confidence the stark reality of being away from home brings a series of crises. Well trained in critical and metaphorical thinking and unusually articulate about their inner lives each of the protagonists guides us to his core. Since sixth grade they have been part of an innovative mentoring program called 'Alchemy Inc.' that uses mythological stories drumming and writing. In the twice-yearly reunion workshops everyone speaks of his trials and his triumphs with authenticity intelligence honesty and heart. In turns quiet thoughtful and exuberant the six protagonists grow before our eyes whether navigating racial provocations or seeking support with new friends estranged fathers and wise grandmothers.
459795 The exciting story of Sam a broken man who after the world ends from a massive Meteor shower and the death of his son is forced to survive underground. He and his trusted friend Troy along with a young female Rose are thrust on a journey that takes them into the darkest parts of the underground world where they find themselves on the run with a crew of rag tag yet heavily armed rangers. Hunted down by mutated creatures bandits and cannibals alike their undeniable defiance to return home is challenged and an honest story emerges to reveal the heart of friendship in the face of death. Broken Darkness is a tale of selflessness friendship and courage.
459927 When Lynyrd Skynyrd emerged onto the world stage in 1973 it was the result of a collective determination; the group had struggled and fought to gain real recognition ever since their formation eight years before. And although they were initially identified both in the music industry and in the media as just another act in the then booming Southern Rock movement it became quickly apparent that not only were Skynyrd a distinctly individual collective but also they had the potential to become one of the finest rock bands in history. Led by the headstrong and domineering Ronnie Van Zant a tough blue collar brawler with a powerful stage presence distinctive vocals and gritty honest lyrics his energy and vision propelled the group until its tragic end in 1977. This films tells the story of the rise and fall of a remarkable band.
460089 Alyssa a successful photographer wakes one morning to find her apartment ransacked and her husband mysteriously missing. Left without even a photograph to offer the police she turns to her colleague Eve a talented jazz pianist with a flirtatious charm and disarming grace. Eve helps her confront her husband’s longtime struggle with depression and to over time accept his absence. While getting to know this woman through such unusual circumstances Alyssa is surprised to find herself falling in love again.
460093 Frank & Ava joins the wild ride of the tempestuous relationship between icons Frank Sinatra and Ava Gardner showing their multi-year love affair and subsequent marriage. In 1949 a downcast Frank his career on the wane because of a faltering voice a failing marriage and a tarnished off-screen reputation falls in love with rising star Ava by consensus the most beautiful woman in Hollywood. While their love was incandescent they were hapless as a couple; often pursued by reporters such as Hedda Hopper who played them off against each other in the tabloids; casting Frank as an adulterer and Ava as a home wrecker while Frank!s wife Nancy Barbato refused to grant him a divorce. Once married in 1951 the tabloids then paraded their sorted affairs whenever their careers separated them. (Often it was Ava who went off to Europe or Africa to make a movie leaving Frank behind). In the meantime Frank career hanging by a thread is desperately trying to land the acting job that he ...
460145 The Dirty Three are the rough and ready jewels in the crown of Australian rock and roll history. Born from the need to put food on the table and spawned from the intensely collaborative local Australian music scene in the 80's and early 90's the Dirty Three pioneered the instrumental rock and roll music scene in Australia with their cathartic sometimes violent and always spellbinding brand of music. Within a few short years they achieved local and international success and left Australian shores to take their Music to the world. To this day the band continues to tour the world and serve the music that they see as a real living and breathing thing that chooses the Dirty Three's custodianship.
460484 Mattilynn Dupree is back in her home town for her sister’s wedding re-evaluating her life after missing out on the promotion she always wanted. She runs into an old friend Jake in her Dad’s auto mechanic shop and is given a reason to stay. But her ex-boyfriend comes to town to get her back and her boss calls to lure her away with the promise of a better job so she’s torn between the life she thought she always wanted and the one that she’s fallen in love with all over again.
460587 This fascinating new cinema event British Museum presents: Hokusai is a groundbreaking documentary and exclusive private view of the forthcoming British Museum exhibition Hokusai: beyond the Great Wave.  Filmed in Japan the US and the UK the film focuses on Hokusai’s work life and times in the great bustling metropolis of Edo modern Tokyo.  Introduced by arts presenter Andrew Graham-Dixon and featuring artists David Hockney Grayson Perry and Maggi Hambling this is the first UK biography of Japan’s greatest artist. Using extraordinary close-ups and pioneering 8K Ultra HD video technology Hokusai’s paintings and prints are examined by world experts who are at the forefront of digital art history.
460846 An ex-special services veteran down on his luck and desperate for work takes a job as a security guard at a run-down mall in a rough area of town. On his first night on the job he opens the door to a distraught and desperate young girl who has fled the hijacking of a Police motorcade that was transporting her to testify as a witness in a trial. Hot on her heels is the psychopathic hijacker and his team of henchmen who will stop at nothing to extract and eliminate the witness.
460870 Professor Jim Al-Khalili tells the electrifying story of our quest to master nature's most mysterious force - electricity. Until fairly recently electricity was seen as a magical power but it is now the lifeblood of the modern world and underpins every aspect of our technological advancements. Without electricity we would be lost. This series tells of dazzling leaps of imagination and extraordinary experiments - a story of maverick geniuses who used electricity to light our cities to communicate across the seas and through the air to create modern industry and to give us the digital revolution.
"461035 For over 80 years Merle Hayden has crusaded to recruit members to the utopian movement Lawsonomy. Founded by aircraft pioneer Alfred Lawson Lawsonomy advocates for economic reform and clean communal living that transforms followers into a ""New Species"" that will benefit the human race either in this life or the next. Merle joined Lawson as a teenager and never looked back. His high school sweetheart Betty Kasch however is tired of Lawson coming between them. Reunited after over 60 years apart non-believer Betty wants Merle to join her in Florida. Merle's commitment to preserving Lawson's legacy artifacts currently rotting in a barn alongside a Wisconsin highway has Betty worried Merle may leave her for Lawson once again."
461084 America is experiencing an epidemic of pain. One man has the answer to the problem yet the medical establishment has ignored him. For nearly 50 years Dr. John Sarno has been single-handedly battling the pain epidemic by focusing on the mind-body connection and the nature of stress and the manifestation of physical ailments. With a renowned practice in rehabilitative medicine at NYU he is also a bestselling author of numerous books that deal with psychosomatic disorders. Filmmaker Michael Galinsky's family has a long history with Dr. Sarno and their experience will be woven into the fabric of the film alongside well known patients including Howard Stern John Stossel Jonathan Ames Larry David and many others.
461096 Fueled by artistic expression and limited only by their runtime short films transcend traditional storytelling. They are a significant and popular way artists can connect with audiences. From documentary to animation narrative to experimental the abbreviated form is no longer just for the novice. Shorts have and will continue to be an important part of cinema storytelling and culture. The Sundance Film Festival has always been proud to treat short films with the highest regard and to give a home to new (and old) projects for audiences to discover and celebrate.
461103 You could be forgiven for mistaking Charlie Siem for James Bond. Whether he's driving an orange Porsche to his cliff-top Monaco mansion ordering martinis or looking suave in a designer suit he is a man on a mission. It isn't to hunt down SPECTRE but to find perfection in everything he does. Whether it's performing on stage recording albums or selecting a suit Charlie demands the best of himself and others. Despite an entourage dubbed ‘Charlie's Angels' he's lonesome and complains that people can't relate to him. Danish filmmaker Eva Mulvad with patience and panache delves into this life of privilege to find commonalities of ambition and desire.
461218 Two cutting-edge scientists give 'birth' to a Neanderthal—the first to walk the earth for some 35000 years—in order to attempt to answer these questions. Part 'normal' child part science experiment William’s 'parents' struggle with the best way to raise him. As William grows toward adulthood he is educated in the human experiences of love and intimacy. But his primitive impulses begin to emerge the more he tries to conform to human expectations leading to tragic consequences for him and his loved ones.
461354 Hosts Joe Pickett and Nick Prueher return with an eighth installment of VHS relics they’ve salvaged from thrift stores garage sales and garbage cans across the country. Found Footage Festival: Volume 8 highlights include a collection of satanic panic videos from the 80s a star-studded Desert Storm parade sponsored by Taco Bell outtakes and on-air bloopers from over ten years of North Dakota local news and selections from David Letterman's Video Collection inherited by the Found Footage Festival when Dave retired. Recorded live at The Bell House in Brooklyn.
"461386 Brussels Belgium 2/18-19/68 (""Astronomy Domine"" ""The Scarecrow"" ""Corporal Clegg"" ""Paintbox"" ""Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun"" ""See Emily Play"" ""Bike"")  Brussels Belgium 2/68 (""Apples and Oranges"")  Paris France 2/20/68 (""Astronomy Domine"" ""Flaming"" ""Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun"" ""Let There Be More Light"")  Paris France 2/21/68 (""Paintbox"")  London UK 3/68 (""Instrumental Improvisation"")  London UK 3/28/68 (""Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun"")  Rome Italy 4/68 (""It Would Be So Nice [excerpt]"")  Rome Italy 5/6/68 (""Interstellar Overdrive"")  Kasterlee Belgium 8/31/68 (""Astronomy Domine"" Roger Waters interview)  Paris France 9/6/68 (""Let There Be More Light ""Remember a Day"")  London UK 1968 (""Let There Be More Light"")  Paris France 10/21/68 (""Let There Be More Light"" ""Flaming"")  Paris France  11/1/68 (""Let There Be More Light"")  ""Point Me at the Sky"" (restored promo video UK 1968)"
"461388 Forum Musiques Paris France 22 January 1969 (""Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun"" David Gilmour interview [in French] ""A Saucerful of Secrets"")  The Man and The Journey: Royal Festival Hall London rehearsal 14 April 1969 (""Afternoon"" ""The Beginning"" ""Cymbaline"" ""Beset by Creatures of the Deep"" ""The End of the Beginning"") Essencer Pop & Blues Festival Essen Germany October 11 1969 (""Careful with That Axe Eugene"" ""A Saucerful of Secrets"")  Music Power & European Music Revolution Festival Actuel Amougies Mont de L'Enclus Belgium 25 October 1969 (""Green Is the Colour"" ""Careful with That Axe Eugene"" ""Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun"" ""Interstellar Overdrive"" [with Frank Zappa])"
"461394 Recording ""Wot’s...Uh the Deal?"" Chāteau d’Hérouville France 23–29 February 1972  David Gilmour and Roger Waters interview – 7.14  Brighton Dome UK 29 June 1972 (""Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun"" ""Careful with That Axe Eugene"")  Roland Petit Pink Floyd Ballet France news reports 1972–73  ""Actualités Méditerranée"" Marseille 22 November 1972  ""JT Nuit – Les Pink Floyd"" Marseille 26 November 1972  ""JT 20h – Pink Floyd"" Paris 12 January 1973  ""Journal de Paris – Les Pink Floyd""  Paris 12 January 1973  Concert set up news report – France 29 November 1972  Poitiers – Autour du passage des Pink Floyd  Pink Floyd: Live at Pompeii (""Careful with That Axe Eugene"" ""A Saucerful of Secrets"" ""One of These Days"" ""Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun"" ""Echoes"") [2016 5.1 audio mix]"
461401 A car crash prevents Jeanine Markham a world-renowned astrophysicist from delivering her controversial lecture about her findings. The accident puts Jeanine at the cross roads of conscious and subconscious between Comatose and awake as she struggles to live. But even in her vegetative unresponsive state her mind slipping between the two realities continues her quest to deliver the truth. For Jeanine's husband and others accepting the irrefutable proof that she presents is unthinkable - that we're alone in the universe that no deity hears or answers our prayers nor punishes our sins that humanity is entirely the product of random events and that our sufferings indeed our lives and loves are ultimately pointless. Her journey stuck between the two worlds becomes shrouded by dark and mysterious events that create a whirlwind of tumultuous emotions and terrifying realizations.
461525 Like countless others Philippe Michel Andre and Patrick were labeled 'idiots' locked away and forgotten in violent asylums until the 1960s when the young philosopher Jean Vanier took a stand and secured their release - the first time in history that anyone had beaten the system. Together they created L'Arche a commune at the edge of a beautiful forest near Paris. A quiet revolution was born. Now in his 80s still at L'Arche and revered by some as a living saint Jean has discovered something that most of us have forgotten - what it is to be human to be foolish and to be happy.
462346 An urgent and powerful documentary shot in a detention centre where asylum seekers trying to reach Australian shores are indefinitely detained. Secretly shot on a mobile phone by Iranian journalist Behrouz Boochani while detained on Manus in Papua New Guinea the film is a collaboration with Dutch-Iranian filmmaker Arash Kamali Sarvestani. Boochani recounts via the testimonies of fellow inmates the abuse and violence inflicted and the precarious state of limbo they find themselves in. Chauka the name of the dreaded solitary confinement unit within the detention centre was originally the name of a beautiful bird and symbol of the Manus Island. By interweaving dialogue with two Manusian men and shots of daily life on the island the film gives a much-needed voice to Manus inhabitants understandably distressed by the current situation. With marked restraint the film exposes lives broken by shocking immigration policies.
462390 Mihai Moldoveanu a former Romanian army officer was sentenced to 25 years behind bars for a crime he claims he did not commit. Following a long series of attempts to prove his innocence the European Court of Human Rights ruled in Moldoveanu's favor in June 2012. The documentary follows him after his provisional release and focuses on the referral of the case and the consequences of the new sentence giving the viewer the role of a juror in a complicated and controversial lawsuit.
462790 The essence and inspiration of the album Empires was the beatitudes and it was always an aspiration to film where Jesus preached the Sermon on the Mount – and to present the songs in a live format. Filmed in Jerusalem and surrounding areas this is a unique take on many of the songs from United’s most recent release Empires.  With breathtaking imagery and impacting visuals and audio this live project is one of the most unique to come out of Hillsong.
463192 1. Daydreaming 2. Lucky 3. Ful Stop 4.  Airbag 5. 15 Step 6. Myxomatosis 7. Exit Music (for a Film) 8. Pyramid Song 9. Everything in Its Right Place 10. Let Down 11. Bloom 12. Weird Fishes/Arpeggi 13. Idioteque 14. You and Whose Army? 15. There There 16. Bodysnatchers 17. Street Spirit (Fade Out)  18. No Surprises 19. Nude 20. 2 + 2 = 5 21. Paranoid Android 22. Fake Plastic Trees  23. Lotus Flower 24. Creep 25. Karma Police
463265 In the summer of 1953 Margaret Johnson the wife of an American businessman is touring Italy with her daughter Clara. While sightseeing Clara—a beautiful surprisingly childish young woman—loses her hat in a sudden gust. As if guided by an unseen hand the hat lands at the feet of Fabrizio Naccarelli a handsome Florentine who returns it to Clara. This brief episode charged with coincidence and fate sparks an immediate and intense romance between Clara and Fabrizio. Margaret extremely protective of her daughter attempts to keep Clara and Fabrizio apart.
463549 From 1972 to 1974 the Watergate scandal was frequently a part of “The Dick Cavett Show.” In fact Cavett was at the forefront of national TV coverage interviewing nearly every major Watergate figure as the crisis unfolded. With exclusive access to the archive of the show DICK CAVETT’S WATERGATE documents the scandal in the words of the people who lived it: from the botched burglary at the Democratic National Headquarters; to the must-see TV of the daily Congressional Watergate hearings; to the ongoing behind-the-scenes battle between the White House and “The Dick Cavett Show” culminating with the resignation of President Nixon on August 9 1974. DICK CAVETT’S WATERGATE offers a unique opportunity to mark the 40th anniversary of a defining moment in American history.
463767 THREE TEARS ON BLOODSTAINED FLESH is a modern Midwesternized spin on the Giallo. This is the tale of Dominic a man with a dark past who returns to the small town he's long since abandoned to bury his niece Lexie who has recently passed. Dragging his troubled daughter Kendall along with him he simultaneously reunites with his estranged sister Stella and reignites a past rivalry with the corrupt town sheriff Rex Drisko. Convinced that there is more behind Lexie's death than is being said Dominic begins digging around the town probing its strange inhabitants and in the process unearths his own demons and uncovers the town's dark secrets which include a mysterious cult a supernatural curse a masked killer and a very high body count. Everyone is both a suspect and potential victim and only one thing is for sure: the Earth will be stained red before Dominic uncovers the truth.
463870 Tillie Gardner has been rocked to her core by the tragic death of her parents in a plane crash. She copes with the help of local cab driver Niko with whom she began a summer romance on the island of Nantucket. But what she doesn't know is that Marco the man who sabotaged her parents' plane is on his way to Nantucket to set another terrifying scheme into motion. Can she uncover his dark secret and gather her wits to stop him in time?
464155 This film deals with authority violence and friendship between man and beast. This exhilarating film portrays a youth detention centre's young inhabitants thriving on the difficult task of building up a relationship with a horse. For these adolescents - who are at odds with society and have violent tendencies - building up a relationship with a horse is an opportunity to learn about trust and communication. The values with which horse whisperers work are transferred to human relationships and offer a way out from the vicious circle of violence.
464363 In the 6th century AD large parts of the world were affected by mysterious weather events causing temperature drop crop failures and famines. All this might be the result of a large volcanic eruption in the tropics. But can a local natural disaster impact the global weather thus influencing the course of history? Using stunning re-enactments and unique animation techniques “The Power of Volcanoes” makes it clear: Volcanoes might be sleeping giants. But they can wake up quicker than you think and in the worst case trigger a fatal chain of events.
464751 Invincible Force follows its subject (Drew Ailes) for 90 consecutive days as he documents his incredible transformation of body mind and spirit. Drew begins his journey as a lazy worthless shell of a man but through physical fitness and extreme dedication Drew is able to build a new more powerful self.  Invincible Force was made with a budget of zero using only equipment media props wardrobe and locations that were found borrowed or stolen. Invincible Force was carefully scripted and stylized but the stunning transformation of body and character it captures is entirely real.
464756 To Hell and Back: The Kane Hodder Story is the harrowing story of a stuntman overcoming a dehumanizing childhood filled with torment and bullying in Sparks Nevada. After surviving a near-death burn accident he worked his way up through Hollywood leading to his ultimate rise as Jason Voorhees in the Friday the 13th series and making countless moviegoers forever terrified of hockey masks and summer camp. Featuring interviews with cinema legends including Bruce Campbell (Ash vs. Evil Dead) Robert Englund (Freddy Krueger) and Cassandra Peterson (Elvira: Mistress of the Dark) To Hell and Back peels off the mask of Kane Hodder cinema's most prolific killer in a gut-wrenching but inspiring documentary. After decades of watching Kane Hodder on screen get ready to meet the man behind the mask in To Hell and Back - an uniquely human story about one of cinema's most vicious monsters.
"464933 The extraordinary untold story of how an NYPD bomb disposal expert played a key role in helping defuse the decades old ""Troubles"" in Northern Ireland.  In 1975 Irish immigrant Denis Mulcahy of the NYPD bomb squad  – gathered a group of family friends and neighbours to start a scheme offering children from Northern Ireland a chance to temporarily escape the violent turmoil of their daily lives. From modest beginnings Project Children ultimately brought over 20000 Catholic and Protestant children to suburban US for summer-long visits where they forged unexpected friendships and found they had more in common with the 'enemy' than they thought. Now this extraordinary untold story is being brought to the screen in a new documentary by Des Henderson and narrated by Liam Neeson entitled How To Defuse A Bomb: The Project Children Story."
464957 Headmaster Sturgeon has had enough. In an attempt to put an end to Bruno and Boots high jinks he declares that they are to be separated; no shared classes and most certainly no shared dorm room. This punishment is worse than anything the boys could have imagined. However if Bruno and Boots can alienate every boy in Dormitory 3 Sturgeon will be forced to re-unite them. The plot almost succeeds but one misstep forces the girls from the Scrimmage Academy for Education and Awakening to move into Macdonald Hall leaving Bruno and Boots back where they started.
465080 Hollywood arrives in force to Quincy the small town where the secret Crown Cola billionaire's live. They want to film about the billionaire's and how they made their fortunes. Summer Jenkins who was the town pariah joins forces with the scout Ben and finds filming locations extras lessons with the town officials and house owners etc. When Cole Masten arrives they hate each other but sparks fly. Cole is running from a nasty divorce yet is captivated by Summer. Summer is dying to leave town to get away from the gossip. This is a great story about Southern customs a Southern girl and a Hollywood star who finds his lady.
465123 The Samurai Cop is here to kick ass and chew bubblegum and he’s already infringed on enough movies and cliches so he’s just going to stop with that introduction right there. Yes the cop they call Samurai has travelled to Los Angeles from a faraway land they call San Diego. Because it would just make no sense to have the movie take place in San Diego or to have the cop be from LA to start with. Or y’know Japan.  Decapitations explosions poorly subbed in stunt doubles mangled dialogue prominent lion heads and unfortunate banana hammocks abound in this extremely eighties-y nineties movie. Join Mike Kevin Bill and Alfonso Rafael Federico Sebastian for Samurai Cop.
465478 In 2004 The Who returned to the Isle Of Wight Festival for the first time since their legendary performance in 1970. After a long absence the festival had been reborn in 2002 and continues to this day. Their UK concerts in 2004 were the first in their home country since the death of founder member John Entwistle. As the evening shadows lengthened across the festival site The Who took to the stage and delivered an incendiary performance packed with hit singles and classic album tracks and the concert more than lived up to the fan s expectations and memories of 1970.
465968 Rifftrax Live: Carnival of Souls! Mike Bill and Kevin riffed this spooky midnight-movie cult classic live in Nashville and now it's available for you to download or stream in Anywhere-Ville!  When young Mary survives a horrible car crash she tries to start her life over with a new church organist job in a small Utah town as one does. But along the way she’s haunted by a gaunt pale figure in a nice suit who leads her to an abandoned old pavilion on the shores of the Great Salt Lake. Soon Mary doesn’t know if she’s awake or dreaming alive or dead which makes her really dull at parties. Fans of Rifftrax Live: Night of the Living Dead will love this one. Weird creepy and very silly our live riff of Carnival of Souls is not to be missed!
"465975 For Burgess ""Buzz"" Zwink (Bradford Jackson) wasting life is a way of life. At thirty-two years old and still living with his parents Buzz's adult life seems to be nothing more than a continuous haze of debauchery. That is until his carefree recklessness lands his lifelong friend in the hospital after another of his drunken mishaps. Faced with the reality of his choices as he reluctantly forces himself into sobriety Buzz begins to realize just how much pain he has caused to those around him. With the help of a young Inupiaq boy (D'Artagnon Moonin) and an elderly life-long alcoholic (Thomas G. Jacobs) Buzz must face his past present and possible future in order to take his life back from the bottle and above all else seek forgiveness not only from those he has wronged but from himself."
466064 Winter Sessions provides a playful yet compelling bouldering film about the unique and intense world of peak gritstone bouldering. From the many colourful and interesting players in this game to the magical landscapes of the Peak District National Park this film portrays the essence of a scene which is often bewildering frustrating and satisfying all rolled into one.  Using footage gathered over two winters it includes a diverse range of stories set to an awesome soundtrack. Highlights include Ben Moon's first ascent of Voyager (8b) followed by fifteen year old protege Tyler Landman's second ascent. Also featuring Sam Whittaker Jerry Moffatt Jon Fullwood Ben Bransby Adam Long and many more..  Winter Sessions is a feast for the eyes and ears as these climbers set about repeating old classics (The Ace The Joker Deliverance to name but a few) and establishing new instant classics.
"466105 EXTRAORDINARY tells the amazing story of ultra-marathon runner and college professor David Horton his wife Nancy and their attempt to finish their marriage race well. Although proud of his incredible athletic accomplishments and the impact he has on his students David's family continuously pays a high price for his years of competitive running. Following his open-heart surgery and irreparable damage to his knees Nancy is ready for Dave to hang up his racing shoes for good and focus his boundless energy on their family. Instead feeling called by God to ""inspire people one last time"" Dave sets off for a 2900-mile race across America"
466133 MOLE MAN follows RON a 66-year-old autistic man who has spent the last five decades building a 50-room structure in his parents' backyard. Using no nails or mortar Ron instead creates perfectly balanced structures from scavenged materials he finds in the woods outside his Western Pennsylvania home. When Ron's father passes away leaving him living alone with his 90-year-old mother Ron's siblings are left to figure out what's best for Ron - who has never been officially diagnosed with autism - when his mother can no longer care for him. In an effort to find the money to keep Ron in his home his friends team up in search of a mythical mansion Ron insists lays abandoned in the forest. But will they be able to find it? And more importantly does it even exist? This is the story of an extraordinary life a family and the beauty of thinking differently.
"466920 Hayley Udall tries to make ends meet for herself and her 14 year-old daughter while providing alimony for a horrible ex-husband. She wishes her problems with her ex could go away and upon venting her frustrations one night finds herself tangled up in a pact with two people (Melanie and Kevin) to ""eliminate"" each other's problems. It seemed innocent wishful thinking before but as people end up dead-including Hayley's ex-husband-Hayley is trapped to fulfill the pact or risk taking the fall for murder."
"467075 Cole Porter's beloved classic receives ""Another Op'nin Another Show"" in this masterful 1999 London revival of the Tony Award winning musical Kiss Me Kate! When the egotistical Fred Graham mounts a musical adaptation of The Taming of The Shrew (with himself as director producer and star) he’s got the perfect leading lady in mind: his movie star ex-wife! The fireworks both onstage and off between the two seem destined to explode the entire production…or will a romantic flame that’s Too Darn Hot be rekindled?  With backstage shenanigans gangsters brushing up their Shakespeare and a collection of Porter tunes that any Tom Dick or Harry will love Kiss Me Kate remains an all-time favorite of musical fans from Padua to Peoria."
"467512 PERFECT LINEUP is the first feature length documentary solely about the people culture and day-to-day experience of the Daily Fantasy Sports (DFS) industry. ""Perfect Lineup"" is an insider's view of this exploding industry. Experience the exclusive live tournament events of FanDuel Draft Kings and Fantasy Aces and how players react to winning millions. Hear from top industry icons about the history of DFS and learn from top players the skills it takes to be successful. Watch how people's lives have been changed by such a simple game that has become a household talking point in American culture."
468464 On May 8 1989 Sports Illustrated ran an article about Ultimate frisbee… about a team with no name hailing from New York City that was about to change the sport forever. From its 1968 New Jersey birth to its unanimous 2015 recognition by the International Olympic Committee FLATBALL circles the globe to showcase four decades of world-class Ultimate and goes even further: to a set of fields in the Middle East to understand and demystify the unique spirit of the game.
468591 The movie contains two concerts of the British rock band Queen. The first concert is their show at Montreal in November 1981 with “Under Pressure” topping the charts in the UK Queen arrived in Montreal following dates in Japan and their record-breaking tour of Latin America. It was to be the only concert by Queen that was ever shot on film. Always a great live band with arguably the greatest frontman of all time in Freddie Mercury they excelled themselves with the cameras rolling. The second concert is their live performance at Live Aid in 1985 with Queen's 24 minute contribution to 1985's Live Aid benefit concert held in Wembley Stadium featuring an epic 7 song rock concert followed by a stripped back acoustic segment.
468742 Filmed in front of a huge crowd at Germany's Rockpalast Festival this 1981 Thin Lizzy performance is one of very few live DVD recordings out there that is an entire show. The band at the time consisted of Phil Lynott Scott Gorham Brian Downey Darren Wharton and Snowy White (guitars) who was brought in a year or so earlier to replace Gary Moore for the Chinatown album. Renegade had just been released and the band was in the midst of a world tour in support of the album.
"469558 In a few years technology will merge with our bodies in ways that today seem unimaginable and will redefine the limits of what is a human being. There are already people who driven by the desire to experiment have crossed the biological limits by introducing electronic devices that provide them with capabilities that go beyond what is ""normal."" They are the first hybrids and they face the reaction of society which goes from malignancy to enthusiasm. Today they are only a small minority and many people consider them as disrupted experimenters but in the near future we may recognize them as pioneers."
469694 John Cooper is a computer programming genius who starts working on a project to reverse engineer human intelligence using a map of the human genome. John becomes increasingly disillusioned and severely depressed as he begins to question any possible meaning of human thoughts and emotions that can be replicated on computer software. On the verge of a mental breakdown he meets Emily-a shy bohemian novelist that is unable to find emotional sustenance outside of the world of her own writing. This is the story of two lost souls searching for a shadow of love in an increasingly alienating modern world.
469779 Kate is a driven publishing exec visiting a summer resort with her boyfriend Eric. There she runs into Shep an old high school friend and fellow camp counsellor who is now the Activities Director. Shep tries to convince her to take advantage of all the resort has to offer. She reluctantly caves when Eric is pulled away on business. As carefree Shep helps Kate rediscover her fun side; Kate helps Shep to stop hiding from life and realize his own potential. In the end Kate must make a choice.
469922 Pup Star is back for an all-new adventure! After winning the canine competition show Pup Star and becoming an international pup sensation Tiny the adorable Yorkie has her world turned upside down when an evil rival switches her out in competition with a street pup named Scrappy. The two pups find themselves living the others' very different life and an incredible journey through iconic cities ensues in this fun and hilarious dog-out-of-water adventure! As they prepare for the Pup Star competition to reach its finale each experiences life through a very different collar and discover the importance of family and being true to yourself. At the finale both Yorkies claim to be Tiny leaving everyone including the judges wondering – who is the real Pup Star? A huge fun musical adventure ‘Pup Star: Better 2gether’ is filled with incredible singing pups fantastic new paw-tapping songs and an action packed heart-warming story that will have audiences of all ages howling for more!
470108 It was an all-California World Series - the first ever between two wild card teams - and both the Anaheim Angels and the San Francisco Giants were in search of a dream. The Angels were in the World Series for the first time in their 42-year history. The Giants hadn't won one since they moved to San Francisco in 1958. The result was a Fall Classic that will forever be remembered for one of the most astonishing comebacks in history.
470118 A comprehensive documentary about the making and legacy of the TEEN WOLF including  interviews with writers Jeph Loeb and Matthew Weisman; producers Mark Levinson and Scott Rosenfelt; stars Susan Ursitti-Sheinberg Jerry Levine Matt Adler Jim MacKrell and Troy Evans; basketball double Jeff Glosser; casting director Paul Ventura; production designer Chester Kaczenski; special effects make-up artist Jeff Dawn; and editor Lois Freeman-Fox.  With a runtime of 2 hours and 23 minutes the documentary also delves into the controversial urban legend regarding the final scenes of the film.
470141 Disc 1 shows the entire performance that DGM held in front of the Frontiers Metal Festival in Trezzo Sull’Adda (Milano) on October 30th 2016 and has a set-list centered around the songs included on the latest album “The Passage.”  Disc 2 instead pictures the band in action at the ProgPower Festival in Atlanta GA on September 11th 2014 and sees the band perform in front of the US audience a varied setlist portaying the “Frame” and “Momentum” albums with more emphasis.  This is an unmissable opportunity to witness the superb qualities of the italian quintet in the live environment and also opens the door to the more new fans to their excellent and older repertoire.
470156 The corruption runs deeper than you'd ever imagine. A multi-billion dollar industry you've never heard of. This is the world Patent Trolls thrive in: A world created for them by our own U. S. Patent system. You can be sued for clicking on a hyperlink using your own scanner or sharing your Wi-Fi! It sounds insane but the reality is even crazier. Patent Trolls look for obvious ideas patent them and then sue anyone they claim is infringing on their idea. People's lives and businesses are being destroyed.. and they have no way out. “The Patent Scam” exposes the underbelly of this system and the people that commit this practice.
"470166 Five years ago we began filming what has turned into the most extraordinary documentary. The Rev. George Exoo is a not very successful Unitarian minister from Beckley West Virginia who has drifted into helping terminally ill people commit suicide. However as we film we begin to see a change in George. He's started helping non-terminally ill people commit suicide. And he gets very annoyed if he travels across America to discover they've changed their minds and don't want to commit suicide. And he keeps going on about how he can't wait his own death because it will be a great adventure. And he's got an amoral new assistant called Susan who claims she'll help practically anyone if the price is right. ""For George it's a calling"" she says. ""For me it's a business."" George says he has so far helped more than 100 people commit suicide."
470456 Mindfulness is the art of simply being present.  From Oprah to Phil Jackson to Anderson Cooper it's an art practiced by some of the world's most successful people.  Brought to the west by Zen Buddhist Monk Thich Nhat Hanh who was once nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. mindfulness has recently gained mainstream popularity in both the media and in mental health treatment.  This film features insights from Deepak Chopra Thich Nhat Hanh Sharon Stone Oliver Stone Cesar Milan and many more. Watch it and learn how to embrace mindfulness in your own life!
470671 EXHIBITION ON SCREEN open its fifth season with Canaletto & the Art of Venice an immersive journey into the life and art of Venice’s famous view-painter. No artist better captures the essence and allure of Venice than Giovanni Antonio Canal better known as Canaletto.  The remarkable group of over 200 paintings drawings and prints on display offer unparalleled insight into the artistry of Canaletto and his contemporaries and the city he became a master at capturing. The film also offers the chance to step inside two official royal residences - Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle – to learn more about the artist and Joseph Smith the man who introduced Canaletto to Britain.
470763 A feature-length documentary that explores the lives of four remarkably different people who share a common thread - they're all vegan. The movie traces the personal journeys of an ultramarathon runner who has overcome addiction to compete in one hundred mile races a cattle rancher's wife who creates the first cattle ranch turned farmed animal sanctuary in Texas a food truck owner cooking up knee-buckling plant-based foods and an 8-year-old girl who convinces her family of six to go vegan.
470878 10-year-old Bart Millard lives with his mother and abusive father Arthur in Texas. One day his mother drops him off at a Christian camp where he meets Shannon. Upon his return from camp Bart finds his mother has left and movers are removing her belongings. He angrily confronts his father who denies that his abusiveness was the reason she left. Years later in high school Bart and Shannon are dating. Bart plays football to please his father but is injured breaking both ankles and ending his career. The only elective with openings is music class so he reluctantly signs up.
470941 Here lie the accounts of Adolf Hitler's pleas to the world during the largest bloodshed in mankind's history World War 2.  Adolf Hitler's most poignant orations which had been buried for almost a century are now available for the world to hear. Visit the voices of the past to bear witness their side of history. The unaltered Adolf Hitler who tried incessantly to avoid the senseless war and its continuation. Star contrast to what the Western Allies and their pet Communist regime in the East had in plans for Europe and the rest of the world.  They said Adolf Hitler was a warmonger who wanted to rule the world and subjugate all non-Germanic people. They lied.
471062 In Equestria being true to yourself is the key to earning your cutie mark. But staying true to yourself is just as important! Join Twilight Sparkle Apple Jack Pinkie Pie Rarity Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash (as well as everyone’s favorite Cutie Mark Crusaders Scootaloo Sweetie Belle and Apple Bloom) as they journey to find their own Cutie Marks take on the spirit of chaos and disharmony and visit a village where… every pony has given up their Cutie Marks?! It’s all here in Cutie Mark Quests!
471314 All the colour depth and mystery of India's complex and riotous cultural heritage is brought to light in a single action which changes two countries forever. A proud Indian international student is attacked in a brightly lit train carriage against a backdrop of darkness. Unknown to his attackers his high caste status has little relevance and in one poignant moment he is rescued by his counterpart an 'untouchable' a low caste. They are united by what would otherwise be impossible. The highly publicised event sends shock waves through the international community.
471317 In 2008 a band of young Islamic militants from Pakistan lands in Mumbai their primary target the iconic Taj Mahal hotel. With Indian forces unable to regain control for 4 days the guests must battle to survive as the terrorists seek to drive them from hiding. The harrowing events that follow will come to be known as India's 9/11 and one of the most audacious terrorist attacks in history. Yet more than a tale of monsters and men this is a story of our shared humanity at the dark crossroads to which we have now stumbled. Inspired by true events.
471411 The Femaliens have touched down and they want to get down! They’ve come from the far reaches of sexyspace to seduce mankind any way they can. With their assets in tow the Femaliens crash land on Venice Beach and find primitive man needing lessons in seduction. As ambassadors of passion the ladies fulfill their mission and turn the cave boys into cave men! Masters of time and space the babes return to Venice Beach and find partygoers needing assistance in cutting loose. The Femaliens use their skills to teach the co-eds how to keep the party going for years to come! From Homo Erectus to the modern day (well... the 90’s) these troupes of hard-bodied humanoids show the inhabitants of planet earth how to lose their inhibitions and perpetuate the species!
471489 A baby dolphin caught in a crab trap rope is rescued beginning a series of events that has become one of the most inspiring stories of our generation. Travel behind the scenes of Winter’s amazing story. See footage of the rescue and follow her through the trials of losing her tail learning to swim without a tail and the miracle of swimming again with her new prosthetic tail. Learn how the tail research is now helping human amputees. Hear from the Clearwater Marine Aquarium team and experience the joy of children and wounded soldiers who have found her to be a life-changing role model.
471514 The story of an unlikely encounter between Gordon a hexapod operator and Ayusha a young woman from the Middle East. Gordon guardian of a pipeline in this desert region becomes fascinated by Ayusha while piloting his robotic spider from the other side of the world in America. Ayusha is promised to an older man she doesn't love. Despite the distance their mutual fear and their imperfect interaction he will do everything in his power to help her escape her fate.
472025 Join Jason on a chemically enhanced trip through the streets of Dublin as he stumbles from one misguided adventure to another. Somewhere between the DJs decks drug busts and hilltop raves he stumbles across a familiar face from the past his brother Daniel. Daniel is an educated homeless heroin addict living on the streets of Dublin. The brothers haven’t seen or spoken to each other in years but over a lost weekend they reconnect and reminisce over tunes trips their history and their city. Two brothers living on the edge but perhaps they have more in common than they think.
472648 Recy Taylor a 24-year-old black mother and sharecropper was gang raped by six white boys in 1944 Alabama. Common in Jim Crow South few women spoke up in fear for their lives. Not Recy Taylor who bravely identified her rapists. The NAACP sent its chief rape investigator Rosa Parks who rallied support and triggered an unprecedented outcry for justice. The film exposes a legacy of physical abuse of black women and reveals Rosa Parks’ intimate role in Recy Taylor’s story.
472733 Floyd Mayweather promised his fight against Conor McGregor wouldn't go the distance—and he delivered. Money notched a 10th-round TKO against McGregor on Saturday night in Las Vegas.  McGregor asserted his physicality in the first three rounds but eventually tired out playing into Mayweather's trap. From there the legendary boxer made quick work of McGregor attacking him endlessly with combination after combination. Eventually it became clear that Mayweather was hunting for a knock-out teeing off on McGregor's head with one punch after another. Going into the 10th McGregor was running on empty and Mayweather could smell blood. He landed a few more head shots before McGregor woozy and wobbly was saved by the referee who stopped the fight.  Scroll down for our blow-by-blow analysis of the fight.
473399 One of the greatest playwrights of the 20th century Arthur Miller created such celebrated works as Death of a Salesman and The Crucible which continue to move audiences around the world today. He also made headlines for being targeted by the House Un-American Activities Committee at the height of the McCarthy Era and entering into a tumultuous marriage with Hollywood icon Marilyn Monroe. Told from the unique perspective of his daughter filmmaker Rebecca Miller Arthur Miller: Writer is an illuminating portrait that combines interviews spanning decades and a wealth of personal archival material and provides new insights into Miller’s life as an artist and exploring his character in all its complexity.
473409 Ireland's victory over Italy at the World Cup in New Jersey in 1994 remains a source of Irish pride. But it is haunted by memories of a massacre: terrorists opened fire and killed six innocents while they watched the match in a small village pub in Northern Ireland. Remarkably no one was ever charged for the crime. For more than twenty years the victims' families have searched for answers. Now at last they may have found them. But what they learn turns a murder mystery into bigger inquiry relevant for us all: what happens when governments cover up the truth?
473418 In this documentary award-winning filmmaker Susan Froemke explores the creation of the Metropolitan Opera’s storied home of the last five decades. Drawing on rarely seen archival footage stills and recent interviews The Opera House looks at an important period of the Met’s history and delves into some of the untold stories of the artists architects and politicians who shaped the cultural life of New York City in the ’50s and ’60s. Among the notable figures in the film are famed soprano Leontyne Price who opened the new Met in 1966 in Samuel Barber’s Antony and Cleopatra; Rudolf Bing the Met’s imperious General Manager who engineered the move from the old house to the new one; Robert Moses the unstoppable city planner who bulldozed an entire neighborhood to make room for Lincoln Center; and Wallace Harrison whose quest for architectural glory was never fully realized.
"474366 Albert and David Maysles' classic GREY GARDENS immortalized the estate of Edith and Little Edie Beale relatives of Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy who lived in alarmingly poor conditions. But there is more to the story: it was Lee Radziwill and Peter Beard who first brought the Maysles to the Beales when the two set out to make a film about Radziwill's childhood. The reels of that first contact were shelved for 45 years. This documentary recovers the lost footage. Anchored in Beard's recollections and artistic vision we are returned to ""that summer"" in 1972 a seductive dream world and collage of radically unconventional creative personalities—Warhol Bacon Jagger Capote—practicing the art of living amidst oppressive forces of class expectation and prejudice."
474468 This is the first Runrig video filmed by Scottish Television in 1990 with live footage of the Barrowlands Ballroom Concert in Glasgow. The audience figure was over one million and catapulted Runrig into prominence in Scotland.  Song listing:  1. Air A’ chuan - 2. City of Lights - 3. Dance Called America - 4. Cnoc Na Feille 5. Siol Ghoraidh - 6. Precious Years - 7. The Wire - 8. Instrumental - 9. Rocket To The Moon - 10. An Ubhal As Airde - 11. The Cutter - 12. Harvest Moon - 13. Stepping Down The Glory Road - 14. Alba - 15. Hearts Of Olden Glory - 16. News From Heaven - 17. Skye - 18. Only The Brave - 19. Loch Lomond 20. An Ataireachd Ard (outro)
474493 Where do art politics and subversive acts collide? Finding Heaven Under Our Feet: Making Modern Dance a feature-length documentary film is a journey through time. Choreographer and dance historian Dr. Jody Weber describes the roots of modern dance in the expressive dance movement of 19th century Boston illustrating the art form's ties to the early 20th century women's rights movement. Seeing herself as an heir to these early innovators Weber works with her Somerville-based dance company to address the elusive nature of the genre through community engagement audience education and the ability of artists to use their work to tackle social and cultural issues such as climate change and our relationship with the planet.
474800 Inspired by Georges Seurat's magnificent painting A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte Stephen Sondheim and James Lapine's soaring musical is itself an artistic masterpiece. The musical begins with the story of Georges and his model and lover Dot. As Georges struggles to find his artistic voice he becomes more and more distant from the one woman who truly sees him for who he really is. A century later Georges and Dot's descendants themselves struggling artists grapple with the same issues of artistic ingenuity and a public that just doesn't understand. Through melodic and heartbreaking music poetic lyrics and quick jaunty wit Sunday In the Park With George reveals universal truths about the nature of art love and passion with the breadth and depth of art's most enduring masterpieces.  Filmed live at the Théātre du Chātelet in Paris in 2013 and broadcast on Mezzo.
"474933 White hat hacker Charlie (Derek Wilson ""Preacher"" ""Future Man"") finds out that his best friend Bobby was caught masturbating on video and is now being blackmailed by the infamously unidentifiable Moraler - a glorified cyber bully who is the mastermind behind recent anti-establishment hacks. After struggling actress Carolyn (Jessica Copeland) gets hacked Charlie and Jack decide to embark on a tense and amusing search for the twistedly righteous Moraler before he releases Bobby’s graphic masturbation video to social media. The suspense and wit keep you captivated and laughing with cameos from Sean Kleier (""Odd Mom Out"") and Devin Ratray (""Nebraska"" ""Blue Ruin""). ""Life Hack"" is an incredibly relevant comedic cautionary tale about our digital privacy…or complete lack thereof."
474978 Weeks before Christmas interior designer Laura is sent to her hometown of Santa Fe New Mexico to remodel a landmark hotel. As Laura is kept busy with the renovations her 8-year-old daughter Nicole is introduced to the art of salsa dancing at a local dance studio. Laura is surprised to find that the studio’s owner is Ricardo her old high school sweetheart and former salsa dance partner. When Laura and Ricardo reconnect sparks fly on and off the dance floor. The beautiful Christmas traditions of New Mexico become the backdrop for spirited dancing and unexpected romance.
474981 Lydia a successful professional organizer is constantly trying to grow her business but even her ambition takes a back seat to love when she meets Robert a frazzled widower with two young children. A toy inventor Robert is asked to present his new Christmas toy line to a superstore. His challenge is he only has 12 days to get his life and his business in order. Talk about a Christmas rush! Lydia shows Robert that this task goes way deeper than messy junk drawers and encompasses every aspect of his life. While she’s intent on helping him straighten out details he had long ignored Robert teaches the buttoned-up Lydia that messiness can be a delightful part of life.
474987 Organizing a Christmas wedding is a true treat for bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug. She loves the challenge of finding the perfect dress for the bride and orchestrating an exquisite event. What Madeline didn’t expect was to be swept off her feet by the bride’s gorgeous brother movie star Jonny Blaze. Jonny came to the quirky town of Fool’s Gold to support his sister -- not to fall in love. Yet Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he’s ever met and she finds the real Jonny even more captivating than her celebrity crush. Will the action star be brave enough to take on the role of a lifetime?
474994 Adventurous flight attendant Sydney’s plans for a tropical Christmas get delayed when she helps an unaccompanied minor get home to Chicago to her dad Jonathan a handsome widower and investigative reporter. Faced with a shortage of out-going flights Sydney is marooned for several days in the Windy City – once her home as a small girl — and tags along with Jonathan his daughter and their exuberantly festive family until she can find a connecting flight. Jonathan makes her a deal: he helps her chase down the story of how her late parents met and she helps him to write the perfect Christmas story and keep his job and along the way sparks form between them.
475208 Award-winning filmmaker Marina Willer (Cartas da Mãe) creates an impressionistic visual essay as she traces her father’s family journey as one of only twelve Jewish families to survive the Nazi occupation of Prague during World War II. Photographed by Academy Award® nominee César Charlone (City of God) the film travels from war-torn Eastern Europe to the color and light of South America and is told through the voice of Willer’s father Alfred (as narrated by Tim Pigott-Smith Quantum of Solace) who witnessed bureaucratic nightmares transportations and suicides but survived to build a post-war life as an architect in Brazil. As the world struggles with the current refugee crisis RED TREES is a timely look at a family besieged by war who finds peace across an ocean.
475218 Three Alaska Native women work to save their endangered language Kodiak Alutiiq and ensure the future of their culture while confronting their personal demons. With just 41 fluent Native speakers remaining mostly Elders some estimate their language could die out within ten years. The small community travels to a remote Island where a language immersion experiment unfolds with the remaining fluent Elders. Young camper Sadie an at-risk 13 year old learner and budding Alutiiq dancer is inspired and gains strength through her work with the teachers. Yet PTSD and politics loom large as the elders teachers and students try to continue the difficult task of language revitalization over the next five years.
475319 Jim leaves the bright lights of show business behind to settle down on his farmhouse in Connecticut… but life just isn’t the same without a bit of song and dance. Jim’s luck takes a spectacular turn when he meets Linda a spirited schoolteacher with talent to spare. Together they turn the farmhouse into a fabulous inn with dazzling performances to celebrate each holiday from Thanksgiving to the Fourth of July. But when Jim’s best friend Ted tries to lure Linda away to be his new dance partner in Hollywood will Jim be able to salvage his latest chance at love?
"475704 Following the successful and critically acclaimed release of ""Grindhouse Trailer Classics"" Nucleus Films has managed to unearth a much-welcomed second batch of the craziest examples of cinematic sex gore and violence ever to spill on to the screen. So prepare yourself for another two-hour trip back to the ""gory"" days of cult and exploitation cinema with GRINDHOUSE TRAILER CLASSICS 2 another crazy compilation of audacious theatrical promos for some of the most bizarre examples of the sleazy cinematic sub-genre known as ""grindhouse""."
475710 Just when you thought you'd seen everything here comes another 55 trailers of sick depraved and hysterically brilliant movie previews from the golden age of Grindhouse Cinema! See! Depraved dwarves delicious dominatrixes kung-ku action satanists psychos groovy chicks vampires college co-eds super dudes bikers from hell disasters euro thrillers swinging couples daring dobermans killer cats.. and a glimpse into the end of the world!  Grab friends and booze tune in and turn on to some of the most mind warping action your eyes will ever experience!
475829 When aspiring romance novelist Kim Rossi is unceremoniously dumped by her soon-to-be-published romance novelist boyfriend Kim takes stock and decides to take a leap. She signs up for a romance writing retreat at a quaint Vermont Inn shortly before Christmas where a top romance novelist is scheduled to attend and read the work of one lucky writer. Shortly after arriving she crosses paths with Zeke whom she initially finds to be intrusive and naturally ends up being her assignment partner. Worse yet her ex is also at the retreat. Despite these bumps in the road Kim steps outside her comfort zone and plunges into the writing exercises surprising herself. Equally unexpected is the attraction that seems to be building between her and Zeke that promises to take her down a road she never imagined traveling. Based on the book by Richard Paul Evans.
475904 The year 2017 marks the 500th anniversary of one on the most important events in Western civilization: the birth of an idea that continues to shape the life of every American today.  In 1517 power was in the hands of the few thought was controlled by the chosen and common people lived lives without hope. On October 31 of that year a penniless monk named Martin Luther sparked the revolution that would change everything.  He had no army. In fact he preached nonviolence so powerfully that — 400 years later — Michael King would change his name to Martin Luther King to show solidarity with the original movement.  This movement the Protestant Reformation changed Western culture at its core sparking the drive toward individualism freedom of religion women's rights separation of church and state and even free public education. Without the Reformation there would have been no pilgrims no Puritans and no America in the way we know it.
475926 Live in Velez Stadium Buenos Aires 22 March 2009  Track List:  1.  intro: Zaar 2.  The Rhythm of the Heat 3.  On The Air 4.  Intruder 5.  Steam 6.  Blood of Eden 7.  Games without Frontiers 8.  No Self Control 9.  Mother of Violence 10.  Darkness 11.  The Tower That Ate People 12.  San Jacinto 13.  Big Time 14.  Secret World 15.  Solsbury Hill 16.  Sledgehammer 17.  Signal to Noise  encore:  18.  In Your Eyes 19.  Red Rain 20.  Father Son 21.  Biko
476401 Inspired by a 1970's science fiction novel entitled ALTERNATIVE 3 one man armed with nothing but a camera and an open mind sets forth on a journey to reveal the truth behind what may well be one of the most startling secrets: An elite group is said to be secretly building an exclusive off-world survival colony on planet Mars. Credible individuals have begun to emerge claiming to have been actual Mars recruits including the great granddaughter of a historically significant American president.
476623 Born in Shanghai in 1930's Mio Pang Fei was a witness to major social political and cultural developments in 20th century China. Early in is career he became interested in western contemporary art moving way from social realism. Forced to abandon western trends throughout the cultural revolution Mio Pang Fei devoted himself to 'officially accepted' art - Chinese calligraphy and traditional Chinese art. In Macau he finally came to establish his own voice - a meeting of the Chinese tradition and western contemporary techniques he named neo-orientalism. Mio Pang Fei has gained widespread recognition and is now one of the most renowned Macau artists and a reference in Chinese Contemporary Arts.
476689 Max Plugin is a jaded but flamboyant relic of the 1960s. In his teens Max ran away to California where he met Teschlock a charismatic ascetic and guru renowned among a small group of young followers. At that time when Teschlock asked Max to join him and his disciples on an ashram in India Max declined and returned home. Now forty years later at age 57 Max takes a journey to India to find Teschlock's grave-site and also himself. His adventures in India and his Castaneda-esque experiences back home form the heart of this very unusual road movie.
477168 Desperate to see their church grow Pastor John (Robert Amaya) and wife Betsy (Erin Bethea) do the unthinkable and change their church Christmas pageant. Flabbergasted elderly choir director Mary Margaret (Sallie Wanchisn) leads the choir to boycott. Facing termination Pastor John resorts to disguising himself as an old man to bridge the generation gap win over Mary and lead the choir back to the church. When he discovers that the wounds run deeper than he first suspected Pastor John must learn to love the unlovable or risk the ruin of his church and family.
477462 Every parent's worst nightmare is just the beginning for Rachel's ordeal as in the aftermath of a tragic accident she and her husband Anthony decide to move to the other side of the world to focus on their surviving twin son Elliot.  What begins as a time of healing and isolation in the Finnish countryside turns into a desperate battle for the very soul of their son as an entity claiming to be his dead twin brother takes over Elliot — setting Rachel on a diabolical journey to unravel the horrible truth about her twin son.
"477530 NOTHING TO HIDE is an independent documentary dealing with surveillance and its acceptance by the general public through the ""I have nothing to hide"" argument. The documentary was produced and directed by a pair of Berlin-based journalists Mihaela Gladovic and Marc Meillassoux. It was crowdfunded by over 400 backers.  NOTHING TO HIDE questions the growing puzzling and passive public acceptance of massive corporate and governmental incursions into individual and group privacy and rights. After the emotion initially triggered by the Snowden revelations it seems that the general public has finally accepted to live in a monitored digital world."
477837 On the eve of the 60th anniversary of the 1957 Little Rock school desegregation crisis educational inequality remains among the most urgent civil rights issues of our time. With its school district hanging in the balance following a state takeover in January 2015 Little Rock today presents a microcosm of the inequities and challenges manifesting in classrooms all across America. Through case studies in Little Rock New York City and Los Angeles Teach Us All seeks to bring the critical lessons of history to bear on the current state of U.S. education and investigate: 60 years later how far have we come-or not come-and how do we catalyze action from here?
477906 Following a meltdown that leads to a suspension professional golfer Zoe Papadopoulos travels to her grandparents' village in Greece to escape the harsh spotlight of the international sports world. Between baking bread and eating baklava she meets and mentors a ten-year-old girl who is determined - against all odds - to become the next golf sensation. Along the way Zoe rediscovers her Greek heritage her love of the game and the hidden strength within herself as she inspires the townspeople in an epic showdown against a greedy American developer.
478038 Let’s Play Two is a documentary film that chronicles Pearl Jam’s legendary performances at Wrigley Field during the Chicago Cubs historic 2016 season. With Chicago being a hometown to Eddie Vedder Pearl Jam has forged a relationship with the city the Chicago Cubs and Wrigley Field that is unparalleled in the world of sports and music. From Ten to Lightning Bolt the documentary film shuffles through Pearl Jam’s ever-growing catalog of originals and covers - spanning the band's 25-year career. Through the eyes of renowned director/photographer Danny Clinch and the voice of Pearl Jam the film showcases the journey of this special relationship.
"478546 From PBS and Frontline: With unprecedented access FRONTLINE investigates the impact of mass incarceration in America focusing on a troubled housing project in Louisville Kentucky and a statewide effort to reverse the trend. There are some 2.3 million people behind bars in the U.S. today but a disproportionate number come from a few city neighborhoods and in some places the concentration is so dense that states are spending millions of dollars a year to lock up residents of single blocks. ""Prison State"" examines one community Louisville's Beecher Terrace housing project and follows the lives of four residents as they move in and out of custody while Kentucky tries break that cycle and shrink its prison state."
479054 A career oriented woman Sarah Bloom who ran away from her small town life in Massachusetts is now living in New York City and poised to become the next big wedding planner of the famed NY social scene when she's hired to plan the most anticipated wedding of the season. The problem: The groom is from Sarah's home town of Williamstown MA and wants the wedding on the family farm which is now being run by the older brother who happens to be Sarah's first love. So can the sophisticated city girl navigate the pitfalls of her past possibly find true love in her future and pull off the wedding of the season even though it might not be the one she planned for?
479157 Eight gay shorts culled from top film festivals - A cross-section of some of the best recent gay shorts culled from top film festivals including Slamdance Outfest Frameline and more. Included are the award-winners BEDFELLOWS CURIOUS THING MY NAME IS LOVE and STEAM. Whether inspired by a poem about teenage longing or a melange of interviews with gay men in New York the shorts collected here share one thing in common: they were among the crowd favorites at film festivals across the country.
479606 While settling his father’s estate Finn Conrad becomes suspicious as to why the man left a nurse $50000. His dad knew her for less than two months before he died. Just before Christmas Finn wants what to reclaim what he considers his family’s money going undercover to investigate the bed and breakfast the nurse has recently taken over. When Finn meets Willa he discovers she’s not a conniving gold digger at all but a woman in need who put the money to good use. When she discovers his true identity will it keep Willa from ever trusting him again?
479607 It's Christmas and Miranda leaves Seattle with a suitcase full of presents to join her long- lost family in Carlton Heath where she will experience the joyful traditions she missed as a child. Last Christmas Miranda fell in love with Ian a local man who helped her as she searched for her father James Whitcomb a famous theatre actor she believed had a connection to the town. At his widow Margaret’s request Miranda agrees to keep it a secret to protect the family from scandal.
479613 Pop superstar Adelaide Kay is so fed up with her controlling manager that she sneaks off the tour bus after their latest squabble. Though exhilarated to be free she finds herself stranded in the freezing cold of a Pennsylvania winter with no money and no plan. A local family the Lapps take her in. They know the true meaning of the season even if they’re close to losing their dairy farm. No one in the family recognizes Adelaide except Dillon the oldest son. He figures she’s the ticket to fast cash and plots to snap photos of Adelaide around the farm and sell them to the tabs. What he doesn’t plan however is their mutual attraction.
479708 It's been two years since Tina's husband-to-be Brock lost his first wife in a tragic accident. Everyone is thrilled to see Brock so happy with Tina including his eight-year-old daughter Harper. It seems Tina's only obstacle to happily ever after is Joyce Brock's former mother-in-law who is determined to stop the marriage and keep Harper to herself. Joyce's attempts to disrupt the happy couple quickly escalate and it becomes clear that Joyce will do anything to keep Tina from walking down the aisle. Katie Leclerc and Catherine Dyer star.
480147 As well as providing the subject for Luc Besson’s The Big Blue Jacques Mayol did more than anyone to establish the sport of free diving to enormous depths without an oxygen supply. Using breathing techniques derived from yoga he went to 50 60 and even 100 meters—depths no one had considered to be within the bounds of human possibility. Mayol was a sportsman a mystic a vagabond but above all a man who believed in testing the limits of experience. This visually stunning tribute shows a man’s quest to be at one with the vastness of the ocean and to have no fear of the abyss within where lurks serenity freedom and finally death.
480173 Two minutes after learning that his father has just died Jacob a youngster unstable worker with no ambitions already forgets about it. He shares an apartment in a province city near Barcelona with his sister Ruth and when she finds out everything falls apart. Feeling himself incapable of visiting his family at his parents' place and even at the funeral house his only support will be Alba his successful brother's girlfriend who has a special relation with him. But how come he could forget about his own father's death? Why is he refusing to go meeting his family? What is really going between Alba and Jacob? All three characters will be challenged by all these questions until the father's burial a little more than 24 hours that will them face their fears yearnings mourning and social conventions.
480742 Green Days by the River is one of the most best-loved works of Caribbean literature. Written by lauded Trinidadian author Michael Anthony in 1967 the book illuminates the formative years of a boy growing up on the island. This coming of age story has enthralled readers all over the world for decades and it is now being brought to life .  For the first time this beloved tale will be brought to film screens introducing a whole new generation to the wonder of a country and a boy on the cusp of great change.  This film seeks to break new ground in Caribbean film-making showcasing the rich talent and boundless promise of our people.
481361 Watch the terror unfold as paranormal investigators find themselves face to face with the restless spirits that inhabit the historic Temple Theatre of Saginaw Michigan. Witness the hair-raising journey as the film crew explores hidden tunnels captures shocking evidence and validates claims that the old theatre is indeed haunted. In the heart of downtown Saginaw exists a virtual time capsule filled with history emotion and long kept secrets. The Temple Theatre (built nearly a century ago) is currently known for its prestige and glamour. However its history hasn't always basked in the limelight.
481632 You've watched hilarious films before but you've never seen anything quite like this (or in so many shades of blue). It's The Best of Rooster Teeth Animated Adventures! We've taken our favorite Animated Adventures and put them all together in the funniest derpiest electric-fenciest film known to man! Now we know what you're thinking. How on Earth did we cram over two hours worth of comedy gold into one convenient package? Well all it took was a dolphin on drugs and a dash of headlight fluid. Featuring Gus Sorola Burnie Burns Joel Heyman Gavin Free Geoff Ramsey and many more! It's a deal so good not even Kevin the Drug Dealer can believe it!
482004 It had all the makings of a huge television success:  a white-hot comic at the helm a coveted primetime slot and a pantheon of future comedy legends in the cast and crew. So why did The Dana Carvey Show—with a writers room and cast including then unknowns Steve Carell Stephen Colbert Louis C.K. Robert Smigel Charlie Kaufman and more— crash and burn so spectacularly? TOO FUNNY TO FAIL tells the hilarious true story of a crew of genius misfits who set out to make comedy history… and succeeded in a way they never intended.
482369 Enjoy a true-blue Christmas with Thomas & Friends! Terence takes a shortcut across a frozen lake while collecting Christmas trees for the holiday market.  Disaster strikes as the ice begins to crack leaving Terence nervously waiting to be rescued! Meanwhile Daisy is sad when Christmas doesn't go as planned and Spencer and Gordon upset their passengers when their competitive behavior gets out of hand.  Poor Emily gets stuck in the middle while helping bickering brothers Donald and Douglas and when a big freeze hits Sodor Diesel finally proves himself to be a hero.  Warm up this Christmas with Thomas and his friends!
482380 The story of Don Quixote tells of the old knight who dreams of chivalry and his comic squire Sancho Panza. This performance by the Kirov has been hailed as one of the greatest large cast ballet productions ever recorded on film. The tremendous resources of the Kirov Ballet flash and dash through the four acts of joyous Petipa and Gorsky choreography making Don Quixote a thrilling visual treat.  This delightful spectacle features the great Soviet dancers Tatyana Terekhova and Farouk Ruzimatov as the lovers Kitri and Basilio. Don Quixote is performed by Kirov star Vladimir Ponomaryov.  Filmed live at the Kirov Theatre in Leningrad.
482986 Tina lives in a quiet seaside town but her life is anything but quiet - her mother is threatening to leave her father her daughter is being bullied and she and her husband Mick are juggling full time jobs and three children. Determined to ditch the dysfunction and beat her inner demons Tina puts on her fighting gloves - literally stepping into the boxing ring to sweat out her anxieties and punch up her self-worth. But does she have what it takes to get her family off the ropes and emerge victorious?
483128 Co-director Robert Margolis stars as Robert an actor who may or may not be himself in this intense and often hilarious film about acting aging and the dark side of ambition.  Blurring the line between fact and fiction The Definition of Insanity was filmed over the course of 18 months as a documentary crew follows Robert Margolis obsessively from one failed audition to another recording in raw detail his every humiliation and small triumph as he searches for that elusive perfect role that will catapult his career into the next level. Just when it seems that he will be forced by family and financial pressures to give up everything he has worked for he meets legendary filmmaker Peter Bogdanovich («The Last Picture Show» «Papermoon»). That encounter changes his life profoundly but in a very different way than he had anticipated.
483266 Fleeing an arranged marriage in China the independent Peony signs a contract to work as a “flower girl” in America where she meets Tom an American Born Chinese cook whose father works on the Transcontinental Railroad. Thwarted by a Hong Kong Triad boss seeking to extend his power into America theirs is the tale of the first great Chinese immigration to the United States – a story of romance bigotry passion food and a search for everlasting love – set against the largest mass lynching in American history in Los Angeles’ Chinatown in 1871.
483580 Every year dazzling balloons awe-inspiring floats and amazing performers unite us all in celebration. Now with nine decades of this holiday tradition on display we celebrate with a primetime special featuring some of the most extraordinary strides in the parade's history. From Felix the Cat (the first giant balloon in 1927) to Snoopy (the character with the most balloons) discover the parade's rich history relive cherished festivities and experience the beloved stars and musical performances that have made this two-and-a-half-mile march through the streets of Manhattan a lasting tradition. It's not every day you turn 90 - let's party!
483779 Days before Christmas in Edwardian-era Toronto Detective William Murdoch (Yannick Bisson) is called to investigate a daring train robbery. When witnesses insist the culprit exhibited superhuman abilities Constable Crabtree (Jonny Harris Still Standing) realizes the robber bears a striking resemblance to the title character of his new graphic novel Jumping Jack. As more robberies targeting gifts from Eaton's luxury department occur around Toronto Murdoch and his team are forced to consider the possibility that Crabtree's character has come to life. As Station House No. 4 contends with the real-life Jumping Jack Inspector Brackenreid (Thomas Craig Coronation Street) orders the formation of a police choir and Dr. Julia Ogden (Hélčne Joy Durham County) tries to help two orphans who mistake her for a fairytale heroine. Can Murdoch and his team stop Jumping Jack from stealing Christmas?
483824 On January 16 1979 the then Shah of Iran left Iran commencing what became a 19-month odyssey to exile in Egypt Morocco Bahamas Mexico US Panama and back to Egypt again where he passed away. His death had profound consequences for the future of the middle east and the world yet the untold medical story of the late Shah of Iran has to date remained a puzzling mystery. This documentary leads viewers to the main causes of the Iranian revolution pursuant hostage crisis and the state of relations between the U.S. and Iran.
483876 On the morning of February 8 1977 Tony Kiritsis walked into an office on East Market Street and wired a shotgun to mortgage broker Richard Hall’s head. After making a 40-minute 911 call that ran the emotional gamut from polite respect to seething rants and tearful breakdowns Kiritsis then paraded Hall along the streets of downtown Indianapolis followed by a cadre of police and media who were unable to do anything other than watch the event unfold. Kiritsis went on to hold Hall captive for three days as SWAT snipers the bomb squad and FBI looked for a way to disarm him without Hall being shot. The crisis culminated in a shocking press conference broadcast live on TV
483963 As darkness fell on May 10 1996 a fast moving storm of unimaginable ferocity trapped three climbing teams high on the slopes of Mount Everest. The climbers exhausted from their summit climb were soon lost in darkness in a fierce blizzard far from the safety of High Camp at 26000 feet. World-renowned climber and filmmaker David Breashears who aided the rescue efforts back in 1996 now returns to Everest to tell the fuller story of what really happened on that legendary climb. Through remarkably intimate interviews with the climbers and Sherpas many who have never spoken before on American television Breashears sheds new light on the worst climbing tragedy in Mount Everest s history.
483981 Following Vladimir Klitchsko's retirement after Joshua's last fight and mandatory challenger Kubret Pulev pulling out of the fight with a late injury Carlos Takam was given just 12 days notice to fight the current WBA IBF and IBO Heavyweight Champion.  Widely regarded on the boxing scene as having one of the toughest granite chins in the business Takam took a considerable height and weight disadvantage into the ring  Anthony Joshua subsequently weighed in for what was then a career high 18st 2lbs and brought massive reach advantage.  Before either fighter got into their rhythm this late match up resulted in blood spilled from both sides as old vs new battled in front of 75000 fans in Cardiff Wales. This became a world record high attendance for an indoor boxing event.
484366 A mosaic film of three stories in three different Asian cities where the paths of the rich and poor cross one another in and around taxis. A closeted Beijing cab driver tries to seduce a rich passenger a Hong Kong pregnant trophy wife starts to develop feelings for her new Indonesian maid and a Jakarta slum orphan becomes infatuated with a Western female backpacker. All three characters desperately want to connect on a basic human level but are their own worst obstacle.
484449 What is Freemasonry today? Who are the Freemasons? Since its official creation in London in 1717 Freemasonry has expanded worldwide. Throughout the centuries this phenomenon has become impregnated with the different local cultures on the five continents. On the occasion of the 300th anniversary of Freemasonry this extraordinary world tour in 80 lodges unveils for the first time these ancient and fascinating communities. Terra Masonica takes us to meet masons in their everyday life sharing their history and vision of a changing world.
484579 Based on Jo Brand's critically acclaimed novel of the same name The More You Ignore Me is a warm comedy drama focusing on the life of an unconventional family in 1980s rural England. The film focuses on Gina a young mother whose efforts to be a loving mother and wife are undermined by her declining mental health. Things deteriorate when she develops an obsession with the local weatherman which leads to an admission to the nearby psychiatric hospital. Over the years as she grows up her daughter Alice struggles to relate to her heavily medicated mum and causes chaos when she comes up with a plan to reconnect with her which divides the family forever and leads to a moving climax. Set to the songs of The Smiths The More You Ignore Me provides a sometimes stark yet comical insight into life within this quirky household whilst addressing mental health issues and their impact on the family.
484615 A sweeping chronicle of the entire exclusion era - the latter part of the 1800s when anti-Chinese agitation led to federal laws targeting Chinese abroad and those already in the country. Go far beyond the legislation with the survival and growth of Chinese American communities in the face of prejudice and outright violence the “paper” sons and daughters who emigrated despite the seemingly impassable barriers and the legal challenges that produced some of the most momentous decisions in Supreme Court history.
484864 We don’t know how. We don’t know when. But death comes for us all. To be human is to wrestle with this truth and with the great unanswered question: How do we live with death in our eye? We can deny we can rail we can challenge we can accept. What is our story and will it sustain us at the end? “Into the Night: Portraits of Life and Death” a two-hour documentary features men and women of uncommon eloquence and intelligence who are grappling with these questions. For them death is no longer an abstraction far off in the future it is real. They come from all walks of life all ages dying and healthy believers and unbelievers well known and obscure. These are people who have been shocked into mortality and are forever changed. They have stories to tell and we can listen and learn from them.
"484984 ""Elizabeth Smart: Autobiography"" Smart explains her story in her own words and provides previously untold details about her infamous abduction and nine-month nightmare in the grasps of her cruel captors. Now 29 years old she shares the perspective she gained through the ordeal and how she has moved past it to focus on marriage motherhood and advocating for others. Smart's family along with law enforcement involved with investigating the disappearance and eyewitnesses reveal new information about the case and reflect on her remarkable recovery and perseverance."
485046 A Chance in the World is the unbelievable real life story of Steve a wounded and broken boy destined to become a man of resilience and vision. From the day he is five-years-old and dropped off at his foster home of the next eleven years Steve is mentally and physically tortured by Betty (his foster mother) Willie (her husband) and his foster siblings. Desperate for a sense of family and belonging Steve searches for his biological parents but no one in the system can help him. No one can tell him why with obvious African-American features he has the last name of Klakowicz.
485340 Released after 20 years in prison ex-con Charlie Sundstrom (Bailey Chase) returns to his home town to find that his estranged son who has disappeared into the criminal underworld is being hunted by a ruthless gang leader. Charlie enlists the help of a rogue corrections officer (Dylan Baker) to help in the search. But the corrections officer has a tragic past of his own. Soon their desperate lives will clash in a game-changing climax. In the tradition of films like 'Se7en' 'The Usual Suspects' and 'Angel Heart' 'No Beast So Fierce' draws much of its meaning and power from its shocking ending.
485724 When Sid comes out as a woman a 14 year old boy named RALPH literally shows up at her door announcing that Sid is his dad. Ralph is surprised to discover that his father is now a woman but thinks having a transgender dad is pretty cool. But Ralph hasn't told his mother and step dad that he’s tracked down his biological father. And then there is Sid’s boyfriend DANIEL who has yet to tell his family of his relationship with Sid. Daniel is nowhere near ready to accept Ralph as a step son and complicate his life further. Sid’s coming out has a snowball effect that forces everyone out of the closet and become real. What happens when gender generations and cultures collide to create a truly modern family?
485807 In the feature documentary Summer 82 - When Zappa Came to Sicily filmmaker and Zappa fan Salvo Cuccia tells the behind-the-scenes story of Frank Zappa's star-crossed concert in Palermo Sicily the wrap-up to a European tour that ended in public disturbances and police intervention. Cuccia had a ticket to the concert but never made it.  Thirty years later collaborating with Zappa's family he re-creates the events through a combination of rare concert and backstage footage; photographs; anecdotes from family band members and concertgoers; and insights from Zappa biographer and friend Massimo Bassoli. The story is also a personal one as Cuccia interweaves the story of Zappa's trip to Sicily with his own memories from that summer.
485809 During a zombie pandemic security consultant Jack Romero is bitten by a Zombie and has 3 days before he either turns into one or not depending on his blood type which he doesn't know. Holding up in his home during a statewide quarantine he must keep his wife who is safely away at a military base unaware of his condition fend off an occasional zombie as well as other characters while the clock ticks away at his fate. Written produced and directed by King Jeff this film strays away from the zombie movie cliches and is fresh and original visually as well as its soundtrack and focus on character.
486508 Born Strong is the story of the four strongest men on the planet. Each year the Arnold Strongman Classic crowns the winner in the purest test of strength on the planet. This year’s Arnolds are unique with each of these four weighing more than 400 pounds. Lithuanian Zydrunas Savickas 40 is the acknowledged Strongest Man Ever who may have passed his prime. American Brian Shaw is the defending champion a 6’8’ 425-pound giant who seems poised to take the crown. England’s Eddie Hall is “the hungry wolf ” knocking on the door. “I’ll do anything ” he says. “I’ll die if I have to. ” Finally there’s Icelander Hafthor Bjornsson who plays the Mountain on Game of Thrones. He’s the youngest of the group but with perhaps the greatest potential. “It’s great to see these Monsters ” says Arnold Schwarzenegger the host of the competition and a former bodybuilding champion. Born Strong revels in the drama when these remarkable giants clash.
486608 If Eternity Should Fail – Sydney Australia  Speed of Light - Cape Town South Africa  Wrathchild – Dublin Ireland  Children of the Damned – Montreal Canada  Death or Glory – Wroclaw Poland  The Red and the Black – Tokyo Japan  The Trooper - San Salvador El Salvador  Powerslave – Trieste Italy  The Great Unknown – Newcastle UK  The Book of Souls – Donington UK  Fear of the Dark – Fortaleza Brazil  Iron Maiden - Buenos Aires Argentina  Number of the Beast – Wacken Germany  Blood Brothers – Donington UK  Wasted Years - Rio de Janeiro Brazil
487186 Set between the events of Halo 4 and Halo 5: Guardians… Halo: Nightfall tells the dramatic story of legendary man hunter and Naval Intelligence Officer Jameson Locke and his team as they are caught in a horrific biological attack while investigating terrorist activity on the distant colony world of Sedra. As they unravel a plot that draws them to an ancient hellish artifact they will be forced to fight for their survival question everything and ultimately choose between their loyalty and their lives.
487262 On March 11 1959 Lorraine Hansberry’s 'A Raisin in the Sun' opened on Broadway and changed the face of American theater forever. As the first-ever black woman to author a play performed on Broadway she did not shy away from richly drawn characters and unprecedented subject matter. The play attracted record crowds and earned the coveted top prize from the New York Drama Critics’ Circle. While the play is seen as a groundbreaking work of art the timely story of Hansberry’s life is far less known.
487269 SHANKLY: NATURE'S FIRE explores the remarkable life and career of BILL SHANKLY the legendary Liverpool Football Club manager who came to leave such a legacy in his adopted home city. The film is a nostalgic journey into the origins of the world's favourite game and how legends are born and transcend generations. Perhaps no one before or since has personified the spirit of the working class culture that gave birth to the modern game. Shankly's passion for football was boundless to the point of obsession. This unique feature length documentary is an exploration of the determination and commitment to community that emerged from Britain's industrial heartlands and manifested itself in this unstoppable game: creating a love affair still etched in the hearts of the generations that followed.
487672 In the wake of The Death of Supermen the world is still mourning the loss of the Man of Steel following his fatal battle with the monster Doomsday. However no sooner as his body been laid to rest than do four new bearers of the Superman shield come forward to take on the mantle. The Last Son of Krypton Superboy Steel and the Cyborg Superman all attempt to fill the vacuum left by the world's greatest champion. Meanwhile Superman's death has also signaled to the universe that Earth is vulnerable. Can these new Supermen and the rest of the heroes prove them wrong?
487674 Spiraling into a mid-life crisis and feeling disconnected from his family Ben Marcus a reality-TV editor thinks he can only be happy by fulfilling his dream of becoming a professional comedian. Ben posts his stand-up routines to YouTube and the videos fall flat. Then his tweener son posts Ben miserably failing on a home improvement project and much to his teenage daughter’s dismay it goes viral launching Ben's social-media career as Selfie Dad. Although he quickly becomes an award-winning phenom no amount of success brings Ben satisfaction. Through his friendship with a young coworker Mickey Ben finds the secret to a happy family . . . with his Bible in one hand and his phone in the other.
487769 Unsatisfied with her trifling husband Gwen (Griffin Drew) decides to beat him at his own game. If he can cheat she’s gonna catch a ride on the “D” train and hit every stop on the way to a grand country estate that hosts Victorian themed sex weekends. And when these horny historical reenactments hit full swing the corsets fly off! Diving into her role as Lady of the Manor Gwen puts the house servants to task dusting every nook - and let’s not even start on the crannies! Soon all of slutty suburbia gets in on the lurid live-action roleplay and “having the neighbors for dinner” takes on a whole new meaning. Joined by her easily corrupted friends Gwen goes headlong down the rabbit hole while getting hers filled. Can one woman have too much promiscuous sex?
488063 Samantha a dedicated teacher in Manhattan returns to her home town of Maple Falls Wyoming every year for Christmas. This year she’s delighted when her boyfriend Alex a European diplomat from the tiny country of Madelvia decides to joins her. Samantha later discovers Alex is actually a prince destined for the throne turning her entire world upside down. Realizing that staying with Alex means spending her life in the constant glare of publicity and giving up the job opportunity of a lifetime Samantha must decide if she loves Alex enough to make the transition from teacher to royal – or will it be too big a leap
488093 In the chaotic aftermath of the fall of Saddam Hussein Fakhir a father of eight is serving in the Iraqi army. All around him he sees innocent civilians getting injured by landmines so he determines to disarm them with his own hands using just a pocketknife and some wire cutters. He clears thousands of roadside bombs mines and car bombs knowing that every time he cuts a wire it could cost him his life—which he seems to find less important than the lives of others. In 2014 by this time having lost a leg he starts working for the Kurdish Peshmerga disarming boobytraps left behind by Daesh in and around Mosul. An enthusiastic home video maker Fakhir collects hundreds of hours of footage of his day-to-day work.
488287 Students from South Los Angeles fly to New Zealand to play Rugby. A sport that is increasingly popular in the United States the tour provides these students and the Kiwi teams they battle a rare opportunity to dig beneath the surface of things. On the field troubled histories melt away and we see boys rise as men; girls lead as women stronger for facing up to a challenge. 'Red White Black and Blue' provides a sensitive take on a rough game: it blends on-field triumph with off-field tragedy. If the spirit of these teens is any indication the Olympic Rugby Gold Medal - currently held by the United States since it was last an Olympic sport in 1924 - may just be defensible after all.
"489040 Here it is finally in your paws! Fully remastered and available for the first time on DVD it's the complete collection from animation pioneer Gene Deitch. Let the chaos commence as Tom and Jerry chase each other across ancient artifacts in ""It's Greek to Me-ow"" get wild and weightless in ""Mouse into Space"" and sail the silly seas in ""Dicky Moe"". With a fresh animated look and renewed vigor to the chase courtesy of the maestro Gene Deitch this is a collection that will be sweet music to any and all animation fans!"
489162 Herb’s life is a mess. He’s lost his welfare can’t hold a job can’t talk to his son has a neighbour who won’t shut up and a diet that consists mainly of cheap beer and mushy peas. It’s no way to live and he knows it. Then he learns from a TV news report that Danish prisoners have it way better than he does: a job accessible healthcare the quiet of the countryside even an HDTV. They’re practically living in hotels. He says goodbye (and good riddance) to his dingy flat and smuggles himself to Denmark aboard a cargo ship landing in a quaint town with everything he needs -- including a bank to rob. But when he meets a friendly local barmaid and a lovable stray dog that won’t leave his side he begins to wonder if prison really is his only chance of a fulfilling life.
489184 The story of Henry McBride a down and out cowboy with a painful past he can't drink away. Living on his last dollar with nowhere to go he ends up working the last place an old cowboy wants to be: A dude ranch. It is here he meets the owner Jessie King a no-nonsense rancher with a deep love for horses. McBride's self-discovery begins when she introduces him to a new way of training a troubled mustang a horse whose past and temperament mirror his own.
489204 When event planner Chloe is hired to plan the local Christmas Festival she is beyond thrilled to embrace the challenge. Professionally everything is going great but much to the dismay of her mother Chloe confesses she has given up on ever finding Mr. Right. That all changes the night of the opening of the festival when she meets Evan. The two begin a whirlwind romance but as Christmas Day nears Chloe learns that Evan is being transferred overseas for work. What follows is three more Christmases where Chloe and Evan cross paths at the annual festival but each year something - or someone - stands in the way of true love. Will a touch of Santa's magic on their fourth Christmas Eve finally bring them together?
489281 In 1994 police dug up the bodies of nine young women from the home of Gloucester builder Fred West and his prostitute wife Rose. Police tapes never disclosed at the time reveal how Fred West had begun a series of shocking confessions after the severed corpse of his teenage daughter Heather was found under the patio of their Cromwell Street home. West's seemingly normal home movies record how he turned the family home into a brothel for his wife Rose as his children played downstairs.
489417 Narrated by Matt Damon Plan B is a 90 minute documentary based on the book by environmental visionary Lester Brown. Shot on location around the world the film's message is clear and unflinching -- either confront the realities of climate change or suffer the consequences of lost civilizations and failed states. Ultimately Plan B provides audiences with a glimpse into a new and emerging economy based upon renewable resources as well as strategies to avoid the growing threat of global warming. Appearing with Lester Brown are Nobel Laureate Paul Krugman Pulitzer Prize winner Tom Friedman former Governor and Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt along with other scholars and scientists. Locations include: China Japan South Korea India Italy Turkey Bangladesh Zambia Haiti and the U.S.
489682 Reel Rock Tour 12 - 2017 - brings you four new nail-biting hair-raising and awe-inspiring stories of real rock climbers from around the world. Chris Sharma climbs cliffs solo over deep churning ocean waters. Margo Hayes at the age of 19 becomes the first female rock climber to complete a 5.15 route - the top of the difficulty scale. Brad Gobright an up-and-coming climber attempts reckless solo routes with a care-free attitude. Maureen Beck challenges herself while defying expectations others set for her and all adaptive climbers.
"489714 Arguably one of the most fateful and resonant events of the last half millennium the Pilgrims journey west across the Atlantic in the early 17th century is a seminal if often misunderstood episode of American and world history. The Pilgrims explores the forces circumstances personalities and events that converged to exile the English group in Holland and eventually propel their crossing to the New World; a story universally familiar in broad outline but almost entirely unfamiliar to a general audience in its rich and compelling historical actuality. Includes the real history of the ""first thanksgiving""."
"489838 There could hardly be a more telling contrast between the analog and digital eras than the beautifully blurry memories captured in a Polaroid picture and the thousands of pin-sharp photos on an iPhone. In this ambitious visual essay Willem Baptist explores the visionary genius of Edwin H. Land the inventor of the Polaroid camera. Even today all sorts of people are keeping his instant dream alive. Former Polaroid employee Stephen Herchen moved from the United States to Europe to work in a laboratory developing the 2.0 version of Polaroid. Christopher Bonanos the author of Instant: The Story of Polaroid tells us ""When I heard Polaroid would stop making film it felt like a close friend had died."" Artist Stefanie Schneider who is working with the last of her stock of Polaroid film is using the blurring that occurs with expired film as an additional aesthetic layer in her photographic work."
490299 This ifilm is a new documentary that explores the controversial use of marijuana and the evolution of mainstream society. From a dangerous narcotic listed as a Schedule 1 Drug substance since the 1970s to the rush to decriminalize it today. What has changed and why? What will the cannabis industry look like in five years? Will it retain its integrity as a homegrown industry or be co-opted by Big Business? Experts growers celebrities and politicians weigh in on the future of Cannabusiness
490453 Daniel a brilliant lawyer who is about to become one of the state's youngest judges is driving with his fiancé Jenny when they hit another car. She wakes up to learn the other driver is dead and she's being charged with manslaughter. Before help arrived on the scene Daniel shifted Jenny to the driver's seat to hide his culpability. Desperate to get her life back Jenny sets out to convince the vengeful dead driver's wife that she's innocent--only to realize that Daniel is determined to keep the truth secret.
490463 It seemed an impossible outcome. After England clearly dominated the first two days of the 2nd 3 mobile Ashes Test at the Adelaide Oval a draw appeared to be the most likely result. Ricky Ponting's Australian side had other ideas.  On the final day with masterful bowling and courageous batting Australia achieved the unthinkable winning the Test by six wickets with 3.1 overs to spare. In one of the greatest comebacks in history the Australian Cricket team not only crushed England's hopes in the Second Test butquite possibly buried their dream of retaining the Ashes.  Hosted by Richie Benaud and Michael Slater this exclusive DVD brings you the incredible moments of that historic Test including the euphoric post match celebrations.
490758 It’s 2017 in Bisbee Arizona an old copper-mining town just miles from the Mexican border. The town’s close-knit community prepares to commemorate the 100th anniversary of Bisbee’s darkest hour: the infamous Bisbee Deportation of 1917 during which 1200 striking miners were violently taken from their homes banished to the middle of the desert and left to die. Townspeople confront this violent misunderstood past by staging dramatic recreations of the escalating strike. These dramatized scenes are based on subjective versions of the story and “directed” in a sense by residents with conflicting views of the event. Deeply personal segments torn from family history build toward a massive restaging of the deportation itself on the exact day of its 100th anniversary.
490766 The film tells the story of three childhood friends. The trio all had dreams to fulfill 'when they grew up' but time and destiny seem to have other plans for them. A difficult life is forced upon them when the elder brother of one of these three men is hit by the vehicle of a shady character called Chewang (Robin Tamang) and left completely paralyzed. The three friends then find themselves in the way of a criminal gang called 'Royal' of which Chewang is the leader.
"491105 2017 Battle of Los Angeles First Round Match  Brian Cage vs. Dezmond Xavier  2017 Battle of Los Angeles First Round Match  ""The Villain"" Marty Scurll vs. Flash Morgan Webster  2017 Battle of Los Angeles First Round Match  REY FENIX vs. Rey Horus  Non-Tournament Tag Team Match  The Chosen Bros (Jeff Cobb & Matthew Riddle) vs. The Monstars (Donovan Dijak & ""Limitless"" Keith Lee)  2017 Battle of Los Angeles First Round Match  PENTA EL ZERO M vs. ""Reborn"" Matt Sydal  2017 Battle of Los Angeles First Round Match  Jonah Rock vs. Zack Sabre Jr.  2017 Battle of Los Angeles First Round Match  Flamita vs. Ricochet"
491592 Time Trial takes us into the final races of cyclist David Millar’s career leading up to his last encounter with the Tour de France. We go inside the peloton we’re pushed up impossible climbs and forced down rapid descents we lie alongside him in his hotel room in post-race agony. We ride in the support car the source of comfort supplies and fleeting relief from the cold. And we know that every mile traveled is a mile closer to the end.
491854 Escalating climate change is turning the world economy upside down. With crops dying and food price spiking FOOD has replaced oil as the world's most valuable commodity.  Among the very few lands still left fertile Indonesia is quickly rising as the next economic superpower when its government is suddenly and ruthlessly overtaken by a popular rogue political party.  In just three days six former Marines must work together find their long-lost brotherhood stop a nationwide government- sanctioned genocide and save millions of lives for one last shot at redemption. Or die trying.
492141 Jenna Hudson and Kevin Jenner are polar opposites working for the same online publication in New York City. With both having nowhere they want to be for Christmas they volunteer for a special writing assignment. After a snowstorm forces their plane to land in none other than Santa Claus Indiana the two are placed in a Christmas Wonderland and the focus of their story shifts to saving the historic town inn run by Carol and Christopher Winters. As the two overcome their differences they also rediscover the magic of Christmas. But with the inn's fate in jeopardy and the return of someone from Jenna's past Carol and Christopher lend a helping hand to bring Jenna and Kevin together.
492234 In 2001 a brash group of teenagers took professional paintball by storm winning The World Cup of Paintball.  San Diego Dynasty has created a dominance like no other in paintball winning at least one professional tournament every year since.  But all things must end and a season filled with bad luck controversial officiating industry politics health issues and one of paintball’s biggest icons deciding to step away from U.S pro circuit to find himself living abroad puts Dynasty’s hope of a 15th consecutive season with a tournament victory in jeopardy.
492413 Chuck Peterson is a young slacker with big dreams. Disowned by his family and ignored by his peers he diligently pursues his dreams of writing a fantastic children's book to become famous and strike it rich. But due to a bipolar disorder and lack of creative talent he slums his way through life relying on small time scams to keep himself afloat. When his gangster roommate makes him an offer he can't refuse Chuck immediately takes the chance to clear himself of all his debts. But things go from bad to worse when the plan makes Chuck a prime murder suspect among a plethora of pornographers and terrorists!
492516 The ships have landed and the extraterrestrials are on the rampage in this collection of the most terrifying sci-fi clips in Full Moon history. There's no place to hide from the violent onslaught of intergalactic horror and as an army of evil aliens wreck havoc from Angel City to the desert wastelands it's up to Jack Deth Paul Dean Zack Stone and Bradbury to ensure the survival of the human race. With scenes directed by such Full Moon mainstays as Charles Band and Albert Band and an all-star cast including Jeffrey Combs Helen Hunt Demi Moore Julie Newmar Bill Moseley and George Takei sci-fi fanatics are in for an out-of-this-world treat.
492711 Two-and-a-half decades ago a man from Milwaukee named Jeffrey Dahmer was tried and convicted of 17 gruesome murders that occurred between 1978 and 1991. Dahmer was convicted of luring young men into his home where he then drugged sexually violated killed and finally consumed them. Investigative journalist Nancy Glass secured exclusive access and the first televised interview with the famous serial killer. Dahmer on Dahmer: A Serial Killer Speaks catapults viewers into Jeffrey Dahmer's psyche providing a unique look at the life of a serial killer that shook the nation.
492888 Dawn is ready to finish her senior year of high school when her neglectful party-loving mother is tragically killed forcing Dawn to go to live with her aunt Jamie who co-pastors a church with her husband Willem. Unfortunately not long into her stay things go terribly wrong and Dawn runs away. When Dawn's Aunt Jamie realizes her home was not the safe-haven she thought it was she embarks on a courageous search for Dawn. Dawn having no foreknowledge of the streets is easy prey for a two-bit street hustler falling for his well-rehearsed flattery. She is lured into a life she could never have imagined for herself. Jamie learns of her predicament and becomes more determined than ever to rescue her despite Dawn's desire to distance herself. Anxiously Jamie befriends a street minister and the two of them set out together to find Dawn. However in her search for Dawn Jamie realizes it is not only Dawn who needs rescuing.
"492970 Elton John: I'm Still Standing – A Grammy Salute. Taped at the Theater at Madison Square Garden shortly after the 2018 Grammys and broadcast on CBS this week the evening saw Elton John and husband David Furnish seated front row for a tribute to the works of Elton John and Bernie Taupin from Ed Sheeran Kesha Sam Smith Shawn Mendes & SZA Little Big Town and more. The whole thing ended with a stellar performance from the man himself with the majority of his all-star guests joining him for a rollicking ""I'm Still Standing."""
493014 Over the past 25 years Lauren Greenfield's documentary photography and film projects have explored youth culture gender body image and affluence. In this fascinating meld of career retrospective and film essay Greenfield offers a meditation on her extensive body of work structuring it through the lens of materialism and its increasing sway on culture and society in America and throughout the world. Underscoring the ever-increasing gap between the haves and the have-nots her portraits reveal a focus on cultivating image over substance where subjects unable to attain actual wealth instead settle for its trappings no matter their ability to pay for it.
493099 Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg now 84 and still inspired by the lawyers who defended free speech during the Red Scare Ginsburg refuses to relinquish her passionate duty steadily fighting for equal rights for all citizens under the law. Through intimate interviews and unprecedented access to Ginsburg’s life outside the court RBG tells the electric story of Ginsburg’s consuming love affairs with both the Constitution and her beloved husband Marty—and of a life’s work that led her to become an icon of justice in the highest court in the land.
493101 Studio 54 was the epicenter of 70s hedonism - a place that not only redefined the nightclub but also came to symbolize an entire era. Its co-owners Ian Schrager and Steve Rubell two friends from Brooklyn seemed to come out of nowhere to suddenly preside over a new kind of New York society. Now 39 years after the velvet rope was first slung across the club's hallowed threshold a feature documentary tells the real story behind the greatest club of all time.
493617 KARKHANA is a romantic drama with a strong social message. Although the main plot has been kept unrevealed to keep the suspense and maintain the surprise element but overall it is a story about a women's wrong choice in life and the difficulties she faces to come to terms with and to overcome these challenges. The film is able to bring forward a social issue challenging the stereotypes on women hood and its boundaries. In a nutshell it is a complete family entertainment package with romance hatred friendship humor and action with an underlining social message.
493644 In 1937 at a school in the Trastevere district of Rome a class photo was taken. Nobody could have known that two of the boys in the picture would go on to make film history: they were director Sergio Leone and composer Ennio Morricone. Another boy sat between this duo destined for world fame. What could have become of him? Denise Janzee took the photo back to Trastevere to discover the identity of the unknown boy. A taxi driver an old barber a retired lawyer a doctor a priest another filmmaker—these are just a few of the locals who puzzle over Janzee’s question. But not everyone sees its importance. Why would you make a film about an ordinary person when you can see ordinary people anywhere? As the picture of this unknown man gradually emerges My Name Is Nobody also profiles the interviewees the neighborhood and a society in which fame is regarded as the utmost virtue—so if nobody has ever heard of you what do you have left?
493762 NYC-based copy editor Alex is sent to Ridgeline Resort an extreme sports outpost to write a story for a travel writing competition. At first she fails at everything – much to the chagrin of Cole an extreme sports enthusiast who thinks this city girl should head back to New York. But when Alex offers to assist Cole with his local arts festival he reluctantly obliges to be her guide as she faces her fears doing one extreme sport after the next.
494282 The story of communist show-trial victim Milada Horįkovį. Horįkovį was one of the first victims of the communist regime in Czechoslovakia. She opposed the communist coup in 1948 but did not leave the country. She was arrested and tried for treason on fabricated charges in a show trial that was broadcast on the radio and shown in film clips. The film focuses on the time from 1945 to 1950 when the communists took over but also goes back a little further in Horįkovį's life into the late 1930s
494458 American pacifist Private Finch (Carl Schreiber) finds himself pressured by his superiors to kill a P.O.W. captured from battle. As a direct result of his apprehensions a fatal confrontation explodes amongst his platoon and Finch becomes stranded behind enemy lines armed with nothing but limited ammunition and an uncertain sense of direction. Making his way through foreign soil he encounters a mysterious mailman (Marc Litman) anxious to throw himself into battle. But on their exhausting quest to find a radio and signal for help it becomes clear that Finch's new friend harbors a few dark secrets that could prove more threatening than the next ambush.
494460 A Hollywood movie executive and his wife a one-time beauty queen were brutally slain in the den of their Spanish-style mansion. The special uncovers the hidden clues of the Menendez family's descent into hell including never-before-seen home movies and photos from the family vault and testimony from members of the Menendez inner circle. The brothers' best friends and neighbors the lead detectives lawyers and jurors from the case and the family members profile the intimate details of the Menendez family including Erik's secret life.
494466 There is excitement in the air when a Hollywood crew comes to Lawrenceton to film a movie about the town’s sleuthy librarian Aurora Teagarden. However when the film’s leading lady is found murdered in her dressing room Aurora enlists her Real Murders Club members to help gather clues. At the same time she experiences mounting concern that Aida is becoming attracted to the film’s director who like everyone else working on the set that day is considered a suspect. And this time around Martin is especially worried about Aurora’s safety after learning that the film’s screenwriter who has a romantic history with her emerges as the prime suspect.
494467 Archaeologist Emma Fielding is hired to consult on the acquisition of a castle-like estate that local legend states is cursed. But she finds herself in the middle of a murder case after discovering the body of the archaeologist she was hired to shadow in a secret chamber in the bowels of the huge building. Assisted by her friend FBI special agent Jim Conner Fielding must sift through clues and a long list of suspects each of whom has their own reason for wanting the man dead to determine who is the killer.
494550 Adolf Hitler the fighting man is the subject of this engrossing feature chronicling the future dictator’s combat experience as a foot soldier in World War I.  Excerpts from Hitler’s letters from the front recollections of regimental comrades and evaluations by his officers offer a revealing portrait of a brooding fearless loner who preferred battlefields to brothels frontline service to home leave and kept the men he frequently risked his life to protect at arm’s length.  In a world of death hardship and discipline Hitler sought comfort in the companionship of his English terrier and in sketches and watercolors he rendered during lulls.  It speculates on the influence wartime service exercised on his personal and political development filling a critical gap for any sincere appraisal of Hitler’s psyche motives and subsequent actions.
494791 Oscar®-winning filmmaker Barbara Kopple explores the legacy of the 1989 murder of Noreen Boyle in Mansfield Ohio. Her 12-year-old son Collier gave a devastating videotaped testimony blaming his father for the murder. Now over two decades later Collier returns to Ohio seeking to retrace his past and confront his imprisoned father who remains in denial of his guilt. Collier’s depth of character is a wonder to behold from childhood to adulthood. Out of this tragic story we witness the power of human resilience.
494903 Anne heads to Charlottetown to attend accelerated classes as she continues to work towards her dream of being a school teacher. While there she is forced to adapt quickly to her new surroundings and classmates as she navigates her way through her first school experience outside of her beloved Green Gables. Anne finds herself facing daunting choices for her future the stirrings of romance and tragedy unlike anything she's ever known. Meanwhile Matthew and Marilla Cuthbert contend with advancing age as they deal with financial challenges and creeping ailments.
495071 In 2009 Perth rockers Birds Of Tokyo came up with an idea to show Australian audiences a very different and unexpected side to the band. By stripping their music back to the barest framework then rebuilding it with acoustic based sounds and delicate orchestration creating a sonic concept that showcased the complexity and depth in their music. It was with this sound that they took on the road enthralling audiences in sold out venues across the nation. Working closely with renowned producer composer and long-time collaborator Anthony Cormican who had previously written and arranged strings on the band's Day One and gold-selling Universes. Wanting the experience to be more daring and involved than merely picking up acoustic guitars and brushes instead of running with amplifiers and drum sticks; the band performed with a host of instruments - from ukuleles to 12-string guitars specifically incorporating them into an ensemble of string quartet and grand pianist.
495624 From the oil boom of the 1970s to the failure of Penn Square Bank in 1982 to the bombing of the Murrah Federal Building in 1995 this inspiring feature-length documentary sheds light on the darkest years of Oklahoma City… and the people who refused to give up.  Produced written and directed by Mick Cornett Oklahoma City: The Boom the Bust and the Bomb is a story like no other. It’s a tale of resilience exploring how Oklahoma City’s turbulent past helped shape its bright flourishing future.
"495686 A perfect ski vacation heads downhill in Winter Hollow where any mention of Christmas unleashes the feared Headless Snowman. It's ""A Scooby Doo Christmas"" when Scooby-Doo and crew set out to melt the ferocious Frosty and save the holiday. It's no fun in ""Toy Scary Boo"" when all the toys in Happy Toyland start coming alive and wreaking havoc. In ""Homeward Hound"" a fiercely fanged cat creature petrifies the competing pooches at a dog show including the visiting Scooby-Doo! Finally Shaggy and Scooby-Doo's wildest dreams come true when they win a tour of Munchville home of Scooby Snax dough and it spells out a ""Recipe for Disaster."""
495726 West End star Ben Forster takes the role Will Ferrell made famous on the silver screen in this toe-tapping stage adaptation of the 2003 festive comedy. Staged at the Lowry in Salford this family-friendly musical tells the story of Buddy a young orphan child who crawls into Father Christmas's bag of gifts one year and is accidentally whisked away to the North Pole where the nonplussed elves raise him as one of their own. Years later once Buddy has grown to adulthood he returns to New York City to find his birth father and help the people of the Big Apple rediscover the true meaning of Christmas. Also starring Liz McClarnon Louis Emerick Joe McGann and Jessica Martin.
495729 Africa Europe - Europe and Africa: Surfers live differently on each continent and Africa marks a special place - as surfing is in many places at its very beginnings. 'Beyond - An African Surf Documentary' follows locals along the coast of Morocco Western Sahara Mauritania Senegal and Gambia into their homes visits their home surf spots and takes a look into their surfing lives. Three months of shooting culminated in a 111 minute long episodic journey on a continent that has the potential to be the next big thing in surfing.
495753 Outcast by most of the children in the junior high school he attends Tobey Marshall has been deeply traumatized by the death of his parents at the World Trade Center on 9/11. Living with his Uncle Nick and Jannah Tobey is a loner who has created his own world where he believes he is protected by a guardian angel. A young girl named Suzy whose own beliefs are in question befriends Tobey and by doing so discovers that they have more in common than she ever expected. Suzy has captured the fancy of Jim Doder a popular basketball player at school who leads a double life as a gang leader in a series of local home burglaries. When Suzy rejects Jim's affections and her relationship with Tobey continues Jim makes life difficult for the both of them. After one of Doder's gang is arrested in a botched burglary attempt Tobey is framed. In the dramatic and exciting climax Tobey must prove his innocence to Suzy and the whole school by facing reality and confronting Jim Doder in public.
495916 Two strangers Aavas and Nisha met in the bus trip  from Kathmandu to Pokhara. Both of them share their opinion regarding life and characters. As they arrived their destination both of them apart from each other promising not to meet next time. But both meet at Nisha’s home where Aavas is helping his best friend Vinay to plan a wedding to be with Nisha. Then both of them get separated again. But after few years both met each other and face the situation where both realizes their love.
496195 When her best friend an underground journalist is mysteriously killed whilst investigating alien sightings a feisty radio presenter realizes her own life is endangered as others around her disappear and the Federal Protection Force increase in power and control. Not knowing who to trust when she discovers film footage of a secret detention center and then a troubled detective offers to help her she finds the same subjects keep coming to the fore. A mixture of ancient mysteries and conspiracy theories masquerading as science fiction. However the more she digs the more she realizes that the ancient prophecies foretelling the end of this world as we know it may be frighteningly accurate. This apocalyptic thriller is based on a best selling documentary The Daniel Project
496200 El Demonio de los Andes directed by Palito Ortega Matute is based on the Andean myth of the Jarjacha a demonic character set on destroying everyone it comes across.  The legend of the Jajacha has been passed down from generation to generation. Ortega Matute spoke to people who were told about it by their parents who had been told the tale by their parents. He also listened to accounts from people who say they’ve seen the demon with their own eyes.
"496481 When Prince comes to the Montreux Jazz Festival all bets are off. On his third visit to the Swiss Riviera for the 47th edition of the event he was given carte blanche over three consecutive sold-out evenings and appeared determined to cover as many bases as possible.  The first concert saw the purple yoda attack new material and old classics. A spur of the moment performer who can turn on a dime literally and metaphorically he covered James Brown Curtis Mayfield Aretha Franklin and Chaka Khan before delivering an unscheduled second encore of ""Purple Rain"" in honor of the late Claude Nobs."
496522 Grace a young heroin addict and Jamie her alcoholic doctor imprisoned by the horror of addiction and sexual co-dependency take a powerful natural hallucinogenic in order to travel the spiritual road to recovery. Whilst seeking the truth to their present and past behaviour but driven by self-obsession and malevolent denial far from leading to salvation the road they actually travel leads them to a place from which they may never return. A place where the truth is more horrific than the lies they tell themselves. One person from a past that connects them both holds the key to their new place of captivity and that person is in no hurry to leave.
496565 On a Knife Edge is a father-son story about Guy and George Dull Knife that unfolds over the course of George’s coming-of-age journey. Under his father’s guidance George becomes an activist and organizer and begins identifying with the role of traditional Lakota warrior which he views as his family legacy. He commits himself to the fight for social justice but struggles with adapting the old ways and his father’s expectations to the modern-day realities of growing up on the Pine Ridge Reservation. Told largely through George’s eyes the film offers a privileged glimpse into the youngest generation of the American Indian Movement as well as George’s own evolving notions of Native identity manhood and duty. His story is interwoven with animated sequences that depict five generations of family history narrated by his father and based on paintings he has created to explore the continuum of their fight through the generations.
496704 Burt Gummer (Michael Gross) and his son Travis Welker (Jamie Kennedy) find themselves up to their ears in Graboids and Ass-Blasters when they head to Canada to investigate a series of deadly giant-worm attacks. Arriving at a remote research facility in the artic tundra Burt begins to suspect that Graboids are secretly being weaponized but before he can prove his theory he is sidelined by Graboid venom. With just 48 hours to live the only hope is to create an antidote from fresh venom — but to do that someone will have to figure out how to milk a Graboid!
"496791 It’s 1946 Rose Cornell a resolute young woman struggles with her faith while searching for answers after a series of painful events. She has been abandoned by her mother her brother is addicted to illegal gambling and a near tragic crash has taken away her favorite pastime of flying airplanes. As Rose reaches the point of turning her back on her faith will an unlikely source lead her to the goodness of God? Will she find His love faithfulness and restoration? Follow Rose's journey to find an answer to the age old question ""God if you're in control why do bad things happen?”"
496994 The New 8-Bit Heroes began after discovering childhood illustrations of a proposed game for the original Nintendo Entertainment System. Embarking on a quest with fellow creatives Granato and his team set out to retrofit their skills to realize the abandoned ambition of developing a brand new cartridge based game for the 30 year old console. What began as a novelty project about making a video game quickly shifts into an analysis of the relevance of the ambitions shed in our youth and an examination of what happens when we inject them into our adult lives.
497288 Megiddo: The March to Armageddon explores Bible prophecy concerning the last days empire prophesied in the Old and New Testaments. This documentary features never-before-seen interviews with some of the leading researchers on the subject. Megiddo reveals how God uses prophecy to prove His existence and to separate Himself from all others that claim His authority.  This informative documentary also chronicles startling quotes from powerful men of history who have spoken of the need for world government to further the cause of peace. But what does the Bible say about “world peace” and its consequence for mankind? Seen through the lens of prophecy what is the significance of World War I and II? Were these birth pangs to prepare the nations for World War III and Armageddon?
497315 Jason Donovan is back on tour for the first time in 15 years setting the crowd alight and transporting them back in time!  Capturing the magic of his concert at the Hammersmith Apollo in London on 25th May 2007 with everyone’s favourites including 'Nothing Can Divide Us' 'Too Many Broken Hearts' and the Number One smash hit 'Especially For You' he also delighted fans with a rendition of his 'Joseph and His Technicolour Dreamcoat' song 'Any Dream Will Do' plus a variety of new material.  With endless passion and energy All The Hits & More is guaranteed to get you singing!
497449 Athena The Goddess of War (2015) launches viewers into a universe filled with Gods and Goddesses Humans and betrayals love and redemption. When Zeus learns of a plan by Hades to enslave mankind and force them to fight alongside his army Zeus forges a key to restrict passage between the realms to protect mankind. Unfortunately Hades one step ahead of Zeus has already sent his bride and Queen of the Underworld Persephone to earth to find the key to open the passage way to earth allowing Hades' evil and demonic creation called The Harbinger of Death to attack. The only thing standing between the impending invasion and certain annihilation of mankind is Athena The Goddess of War and seven brave humans courageous enough to join the fight to save mankind.
497588 Kevin Roche: The Quiet Architect is a feature documentary film that considers many of the key architectural questions through the 70 year career of Pritzker Prize winning Irish-American architect Kevin Roche including the relationship between architects and the public they serve. Still working at age 94 Kevin Roche is an enigma a man with no interest in fame who refuses retirement and continually looks to the future regardless of age. Roche's architectural philosophy is that 'the responsibility of the modern architect is to create a community for a modern society' and has emphasised the importance for peoples well-being to bring nature into the buildings they inhabit. We consider the application of this philosophy in acclaimed buildings such as the Ford Foundation Oakland Museum and at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art for whom Kevin Roche was their principal architect for over 40 years.
497658 From their first encounter as teenagers in high school Scott and Sid seem unlikely friends. Scott is a shambolic dreamer intent on carving out his own path in life and holding up a metaphorical middle finger to anyone who tries to stop him. He is a quintessential troubled teen: on his fifth high school by the age of fifteen alienated from his peers crippled by recurring nightmares and disliked by his own foster parents. Sid on the other hand wants nothing more than to be liked. An unconfident awkward recluse through circumstance Sid's impoverished and dysfunctional background leave him no time for friends and no money for hobbies.
497861 Gwendolyn is facing a year full of changes. Having left Austria for England in the 70s she recently moved from her old house in Central London to a new high-rise building without her Ivorian husband Charlie 20 years her junior who wants to live on his own. A much bigger challenge though is her soon to come third salivary gland cancer surgery. Her body is weakened part of her face currently paralysed the situation is serious. But rather than engage in the prescribed rest she defends herself against illness and aging and wants to become world champion once more. With her loyal trainer Pat she prepares for the upcoming weightlifting season.
498051 How does it feel when your brother someone you felt to be the dearest brightest and most important person in the world suddenly decides to join an ultraconservative Catholic religious order? Whilst the two siblings had spent time at Christian summer camps – he at the Legionarios and she with the Consagradas – the members of both orders had always seemed rather odd to them. Her brother swore he would never join the Legionaries and that it didn’t interest him at all. Why did he break this pact what happened to him?
498378 With credits including Strictly Ballroom Muriel’s Wedding The Dish Moulin Rouge! Romeo + Juliet and Road to Perdition Jill Bilcock is regarded as one the world’s great film editors. Axel Grigor’s hugely entertaining documentary traces Bilcock’s journey from Melbourne film student in the 1960s to working as an extra in Bollywood movies and learning her craft when Australia had virtually no feature film industry. Bilcock’s cheeky charm and illuminating appearances by key collaborators make this a must-see for film lovers.
499325 A young girl's faith is tested when her parents are suddenly killed in a car accident and she's forced to move in with relatives who don't share her belief in God.  A talented singer who desires to worship God with her songs she finds herself in a new city a new school and no friends.  With her uncle and others at school challenging her faith one boy emerges who seems to see the greatness in her.  Now she must come to grips with either fitting in or following God - which could cost her more than just her faith.
499548 We were completely ignorant of this subject until we tried to begin our family four years ago and found we were unable to conceive.  As we sought a solution we began documenting our journey as a way of reflecting and coping and we were overwhelmed by the physical emotional and financial cost of creating a baby.  We filmed all important events decisions and results in real time exposing the heartbreaking challenging and even hilarious roller-coaster ride undertaken by a couple struggling to build a family.Throughout our journey we have interviewed many other couples who have experienced the same struggle and found alternative ways to construct their families. Through IVF surrogacy egg and sperm donation adoption and miraculous natural conceptions these infertility “survivors” instill a sense of hope that creating a family when all hope seems lost is possible.
499592 In the most unforgiving and hostile environments on the planet Bear Grylls has faced a host of life and death situations displaying his extreme survival skills almost-superhuman endurance and countless resourceful (and sometimes questionable) survival techniques. One of the notable features of Man Vs. Wild is the extreme and often outrageous extents to which Bear will go to as he demonstrates ways to find food or quench his thirst to survive the extreme and to escape the wild. For the first time ever Man Vs Wild: Extreme Moments presents a compilation of over 50 of these moments - from Bear jumping off cliffs to eating squishy things diving naked into icy water rehydrating himself using unthinkable techniques and many more!
499681 After a botched robbery a local crime syndicate sends a rookie enforcer to take care of a loose end. When the hit goes sideways and his civilian girlfriend ends up missing her brother Rodd a mild-mannered guidance counselor conducts an exhaustive search through the city to find her. With the support of a martial artist instructor Bruce the pair consistently becomes overwhelmed by a violent outfit of criminals looking to silence them. However Rodd has a mysterious and dangerous past of his own and with the help of his friend they formulate a plan to take on the organization in this nail-biting action thriller.
499742 Businessmen Oliver Darcy and Brian Douglas have been quietly embezzling money from their employers for months. When Oliver's daughter is mysteriously kidnapped the two men take desperate measures to protect their illegal fortune and get the girl back without the help of the police. What begins as a simple plan quickly explodes into a maelstrom of violence and betrayal when a call girl a dirty cop and a gang of thugs learn of the crime and arrange their own ways of collecting the ransom money.
500371 At a moment in time when humanity is obsessed with food - photographing every dish worshipping cooks and flaunting trophy meals on social media this documentary goes under the surface and offers an in-depth honest and relevant view into the world and every day of Michelin chefs and restaurants. Telling tales from a grand menu of culinary temples as well as digging into the greatness and flaws of Guide Michelin in this golden age of gastronomy. Because we share a great love for the industry that also includes a realistic understanding of things behind the picturesque scenes of the--perhaps--greatest most creative and dynamic industry in the world.
"500404 “The Rocket"" is a small town story inspired by true events about a high school football star who suffers a severe head injury and loses his entire life plan. The heaviness of a broken relationship with his father and losing the identity of ""football star"" push him to seek a new way to prove himself. Restricted from playing any sports and despite being an unlikely runner the cross country coach brings the young man aboard his high school team out of necessity and through much struggle doubt and determination he finds a new way to push towards greatness.  With colorful characters youthful insights and nostalgic storytelling ""The Rocket"" brings together the elements of family loss failure and redemption. The entire story is based on real characters and events that took place in the mid-west in 1999."
500502 Band of Bearded Brothers is narrated by former Red Sox first baseman and 2004 World Series champion Kevin Millar. With exclusive behind other scenes footage and never-before-seen highlights the film showcases how the 2013 Boston Red Sox overcame adversities and developed into a personality-driven resilient team. This 81-minute film - produced by Major League Baseball Productions in association with NESN the official network of the Boston Red Sox - provides untold stories that formed this team's unique identity and helped restore the faith of Red Sox Nation.
500824 While working in the US on a temporary visa as a caretaker Mara a 30 year-old single mother from Romania marries Daniel an American. After the arrival of her son Dragos everything seems to have fallen perfectly into place. When the process of getting a green card veers unexpectedly off course however Mara is faced with abuses of power on every level and forced to answer a dark question about herself – how far would you go to get what you want?
500985 The Hell Gang an exclusive group of friends promise a schoolmate that he can join their gang if he can just make it to the porch of a legendary mansion that has a dark and sinister past. Others have tried but none have made it within sight of the mansion before fleeing back in terror. Eddie who is rigged with a camera to prove he did it does not return at all! Five members of the gang must now go in to find him. They set off confident that Eddie is trying to prank them. But what they find in the old mansion is even more terrifying than the campfire stories and legends of the murdered children that once lived there.
501251 Fasting may serve as the solution to solve our epidemic of chronic illnesses today. However most think of only one method of fasting when they hear the term ‘fasting.’  This documentary explores 7 different methods of fasting including Time-Restricted Feeding Intermittent & Prolonged Fasting Long-Term Water Fasting Religious Fasting Eating Disorders Improvising or Fasting Unsafely Fasting Mimicking Diet and Juice Fasting. The film interviews 54 people including the world’s leading scientists and medical professionals on fasting as well as individuals who used fasting to treat obesity diabetes cancer cardiovascular problems skin problems high blood pressure chronic headaches joint pain and many others.  This feature motion picture is the most comprehensive and objective look at fasting on film.
501397 Relive the entire season...from the December signing of Daisuke Matsuzaka to another euphoric Rolling Rally. Experience the 20 wins of Josh Beckett the record-breaking RBI season of Mike Lowell the Rookie-of-the-Year performance of Dustin Pedroia the excitement and promise of Jacoby Ellsbury and Clay Buchholz and the 'lights out' domination of Jonathan Papelbon. The story of how their early season lead became a dramatic division battle makes their first AL East title in 12 years and their second championship in 4 seasons all the more remarkable.
502197 Multi-platinum international music sensation Celtic Woman returns with their brand new live CD and DVD: Homecoming – Live From Ireland. Recorded live at a stunning show in Dublin Ireland in September 2017 Homecoming features the angelic voices of Susan McFadden Mairéad Carlin Éabha McMahon and the breathtaking new violinist Tara McNeill. The show is renowned for its high-quality entertainment exceptional musical performances and stunning visual productions enthralling audiences of all ages. Homecoming – Live From Ireland captures this chapter of their extraordinary musical journey in this stunning live CD and DVD.
502315 The fascinating story of the cultural social spiritual and musical revolution ignited by the coming of the Beatles. Tracing the impact that these four band members had first in their native Britain and soon after worldwide it reappraises the band and follows their path from young subversives to countercultural heroes. Featuring fresh revealing interviews with key collaborators as well as a wealth of rarely-seen archival footage this is a bold new take on the most significant band in the history of music and their enduring impact on popular culture.
502396 Night of Champions (2011) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by WWE and presented by WowWee's Light Strike that took place on September 18 2011 at the First Niagara Center in Buffalo New York. It was the fourth annual WWE Night of Champions event and the eleventh in the WWE Vengeance/Night of Champions overall chronology. This is also the first live pay-per-view event to feature the WWE Superstars without the WWE Brand Extension.  Eight matches took place at the event seven of which were broadcast live on pay-per-view. The event featured multiple main events with Triple H defeating CM Punk John Cena defeating Alberto Del Rio for the WWE Championship and Mark Henry defeating Randy Orton for the World Heavyweight Championship.  The event garnered 161000 buys down from 165000 buys the previous year.
502759 From Schubert to Strauss Bach to Brahms Mozart to…Billy Joel Itzhak Perlman’s violin playing transcends mere performance to evoke the celebrations and struggles of real life. Director Alison Chernick’s (The Jeff Koons Show Matthew Barney: No Restraint) new documentary provides an intimate cinéma vérité look at the remarkable life and career of this musician widely considered the world’s greatest violinist. Features new interviews with the world-renowned violinist his family friends and colleagues including Billy Joel Alan Alda pianist Martha Argerich and cellist Mischa Maisky.
502799 When Sonya Daniels finds the birth certificate of a kidnapped baby hidden in her late mother's home she's shocked. What was her parents' connection to the missing little girl and could her mother's murder somehow be connected? Sonya hires attractive detective Brandon Hayes to help her investigate. But someone will stop at nothing to prevent them from uncovering the truth. Determined to unravel the mystery Sonya doesn't realize how deadly the answers she's looking for will be. Based on Lynette Eason's Harlequin Love Inspired - Suspense novel Her Stolen Past.
502809 An unwitting scientist (King of Blandness Peter Graves) is abducted by aliens and forced to help them with their sinister plan to conquer the earth with giant mutated insects.  It isn’t a very good plan but they’re not very competent aliens hobbled by having to wear hooded onesies and ping pong ball-halves over their eyes. Will he save the world? Of course he will we’re still here aren’t we?  And thanks to the Film Crew we learn all about that legendary film acting technique called the Robechet - a “sudden expressionless dead-eyed closeup” used lavishly in Killers From Space. It’s so fun and easy to do soon you’ll be pulling Robechets on all your friends who in turn will despise you! Try one today!
502954 Sixty-four games three pieces of silverware and a return to the Champions League. At the conclusion of Jose Mourinho's first year in charge at Old Trafford United fans knew they had witnessed something good.  The arrival of Zlatan Ibrahimovic and the return of Paul Pogba grabbed the headlines as the season approached. Ten months later on an emotional night in Stockholm the unity created between players and supporters was never more evident as the Reds won the Europa League to complete the clean sweep of all major trophies.
503013 Episode Seven of the New York: A Documentary. In the aftermath of World War II southern African-Americans moved north and Puerto Rican immigrants poured into the city a trend which would continue for the next thirty years. Robert Moses waged a campaign of urban renewal including adding highways to the city hastening white flight to the suburbs. The destruction of the old Penn Station in 1963 and the protests against Moses's plans for the Lower Manhattan Expressway led to the creation of the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission ensuring the survival of New York's most architecturally important buildings and neighborhoods. Social and financial crises in the 1960s and 1970s took a toll on the city but New York's revival since the 1970s has been enduring.
503210 A multi-part documentary about the making of the Jurassic Park trilogy. Each part walks through the making of part of one of the films including the hurricane during the shooting of the first film and how advances in CGI for Jurassic Park helped change the world of special effects forever. All interviews for these retrospective documentaries come with comments from Spielberg Johnston Neill Dern Goldblum the effects crews the child actors and Peter Stormare. This documentary is broken into five parts: Dawn of a New Era (25 min) Making Prehistory (20 min) the Next Step in Evolution (15 min) and the Third Adventure (25 min) Finding the Lost World (28 min) and Something Survived (16 min).
503267 Against the wishes of his parents (who are in the midst of a messy divorce) a young boy steals the ashes of his dead Grandfather and runs away into the wilderness with his dog. The boy is determined to fulfill his beloved Grandpa's dying wishes and spread his ashes atop a remote mountain. Along the treacherous journey the boy and the dog are accompanied by the ghost of his Grandpa who helps them on their journey brings the family back together and gives the boy one last chance to say goodbye.
503502 Double Vision is a live video released by Bonfire in 2007. It was recorded live at Firefest III in Nottingham United Kingdom. As well as the concert the DVD contains additional footage of the band's videos from the 1980s behind the scenes stuff and three songs performed at Rockpalast.  Setlist:  Day 911  But We Still Rock  Never Mind  Under Blue Skies  Hot To Rock  Don't Touch The Light  Tony's Roulette  Give It A Try  American Nights  Hard On Me  Sweet Obsession  Ready 4 Reaction/Champion  Bang Down The Door
503845 In the closing decades of the nineteenth century during what has become known as the Gilded Age the population of the United States doubled in the span of a single generation. As national wealth expanded two classes rose simultaneously separated by a gulf of experience and circumstance that was unprecedented in American life. These disparities sparked passionate and violent debate over questions still being asked in our own times: How is wealth best distributed and by what process? Does government exist to protect private property or provide balm to the inevitable casualties of a churning industrial system?  The outcome of these disputes was both uncertain and momentous and marked by a passionate vitriol and level of violence that would shock the conscience of many Americans today.
"504026 Dance along to the berry beat with Strawberry Shortcake and friends in four fantastic adventures! In ""The Berry Bitty Dance Disaster"" Apple tries to keep up with her pals in ballet class with the help of her new groove booties. When her latest invention steps out of line everyone must help stop the shoes from dancing. Strawberry and Plum then use the groove booties to teach some pups moves before a performance but Huckleberry's TomTom might soon become a ""Doggie Dance No-Show."" In ""Dance Puppy Dance"" Cherry Jam can't focus on her song for the Queen when the music from the puppies' video goes viral. Can Berry Bitty City band together so she can find her rhythm? Join in all the twirly-whirly fun! It's a dance-tastic good time for all!"
"504769 In 2017 the fittest athletes on Earth took on the unknown and unknowable during four of the most intense days of competition in CrossFit Games history.  ""The Redeemed and the Dominant: Fittest on Earth"" captures all the drama as the top athletes resembling chiseled Grecian gods descend on Madison Wisconsin to face a series of trials.  Hercules faced 12; they take on 13.  Emotions run high as a throng of Australian athletes rise to the top.  By the end of the competition some learn tough lessons - that all that glitters isn't gold or even bronze - and some learn that they're even stronger than they realized.  The best among them enter the pantheon of the CrossFit giants and earn the right to call themselves the ""Fittest on Earth"""
"504857 Twelfth Night is a tale of unrequited love – hilarious and heartbreaking. Two twins are separated in a shipwreck and forced to fend for themselves in a strange land. The first twin Viola falls in love with Orsino who dotes on OIivia who falls for Viola but is idolised by Malvolio. Enter Sebastian who is the spitting image of his twin sister...  Christopher Luscombe Director of the ‘glorious’ (Daily Telegraph) Love’s Labour’s Lost and Much Ado About Nothing (2014 and 2016) returns to the Royal Shakespeare Company to tackle Shakespeare’s greatest comedy a brilliantly bittersweet account of ""the whirligig of time""."
505163 In 1961 Lithuanian American artist and impresario George Maciunas established the avant-garde art movement Fluxus. George details the rise of Fluxus following a sensationalized tour of “concerts” in Europe in 1962 and continuing in New York for most of the 1960s and ’70s. During this time Maciunas was converting the dying industrial buildings of Soho into a network of artists’ lofts creating one of the first official real estate co-ops of artist-owned buildings. Maciunas’s life and legacy—as recounted by artists of his generation including Yoko Ono and Jonas Mekas—ignited debates that remain pivotal to artists working today.
505500 Surrounded by the mountains and people who are his inspiration in ‘Path to Everest’ the mountain athlete Kilian Jornet reveals his most intimate fears contradictions and passions.  Summits of My Life is the personal project of Kilian Jornet in which for five years he has traveled to some of the most important peaks of the planet to try to establish FKT (fastest known time) of ascent and descent of some of the most emblematic mountains of the world.  The project is closely linked to values and a way of understanding the purist and minimalist mountain. The experiences lived in each challenge have been captured in different films.
505720 It’s a full Valentine’s Day weekend at the Inn when Olivia and Mick host Mick’s sister Bonnie and her finance Sean Mick’s daughter Julie and her boyfriend Wyatt and Olivia’s mother Nora and her boyfriend Johnny. Bonnie brings her new fiancé Sean and they plan to marry at the Inn that weekend and Julie announces she plans to drop out of college to pursue her passion for cooking. While Olivia plans the wedding Mick expresses his concerns to both Bonnie about the distant Sean and to Julie about dropping out of college. Wyatt too is troubled by Julie’s decision to leave college and the two have a fight that may end their relationship. As the wedding approaches Sean reveals a secret that he has been keeping all weekend and Johnny has a surprise of his own in store.
505826 Some say Bigfoot is just a hoax but when a group of hikers go deep into the woods after being warned by a guide that has encountered a Sasquatch they decide to ignore him and go off trail but the deeper the go into the woods they realize that they are not alone. Becoming hysterical as night falls the group is terrorized to their core and accidentally shoots and wounds a Sasquatch. Legend says the Bigfoot species simply want to be left alone but when provoked they will protect their territory and in this case the damage has been done and there is no turning back.
507024 One of the most popular live acts in the world the King of the Waltz André Rieu has announced that his 2018 Maastricht concerts will be screened in over 2000 cinemas worldwide across the weekend of 28th – 29th July as he performs his hometown shows this year with a celebration of love. ‘Amore My Tribute to Love’ is the renowned violinists tribute to his love for music and his love for both of his families; his wife and children and of course for his Johann Strauss Orchestra who he has performed with for over 30 years.
507037 The great singing actress Nina Stemme gives a heart-wrenching performance in the title role of Strauss’s blazing one-act drama adapted from the ancient Greek myth. Patrice Chéreau’s acclaimed production—the last staging he worked on before his death in 2013—also stars Waltraud Meier as Klytämnestra Elektra’s nightmare-haunted mother Adrianne Pieczonka as Chrysothemis her sister and Eric Owens as Orest their brother whose return home brings their family story to a terrifying climax. Esa-Pekka Salonen conducts the monumental and highly influential score.
507051 Siva Sithambram (Raja Ganesan) your average next door neighbor’s mundane life takes a hilarious turn when a distant relative Pat (King Ratnam) and his family from London decide to stay with him for the duration of their trip to attend a family wedding. Riddled with financial problems an aging unmarried daughter and a nagging wife expectations run sky high in anticipation of the timely arrival of his diasporan guests. But little does he know that all is not what it seems with the Pat family.
507378 In the early '90s a passionate and unrestrained movement of singers emerged from the underground that would test the extreme limits of the human voice. Heeding the call of the warriors of rock and metal for over 15 years Melissa Cross developed a vocal training method that has since been embraced by these artists who value raw power and passion above everything in their performance. Her groundbreaking vocal technique can enhance range and increase endurance without sacrificing intensity and individuality. Combining solid voice technique and a groundbreaking vocal workout with tour-bus humor and backstage commentary this DVD is as entertaining as it is informative. The Zen of Screaming is the first of it's kind a a must-have tool for the modern vocalist of all genres.  —Loudmouth Inc.
507654 Celeste is a renowned opera diva who retired early for the man she loved to live on a crumbling and beautiful estate in the heart of a rainforest in Far North Queensland. Ten years after the tragic death of her husband Mateos in a boating accident Celeste is set to return to the stage for her final performance. Her husband’s son Jack still haunted by the past arrives amidst the preparations for the performance and finds Celeste is as he remembered – beautiful intoxicating and dangerous. Celeste wants Jack to stay at the estate but needs him to perform one last request.
507697 Rose spends her days fishing near the beautiful lake house she’s called home for 50 years. She’s not getting any younger and her daughter Patti worries about Rose being all alone but the stubborn matriarch will not sell. There are memories here that she doesn’t want to leave. These come flooding back one weekend during a visit from Patti and granddaughter Allison when a long-forgotten roll of film reminds Rose of the summer she met and fell in love with the bold and beautiful Louise.
507868 When America's fascination with living forever creates a viral outbreak the Earth's population starts to reduce in stages. After the first four are completed CHILDREN and TEENS are the only humans left in an apocalyptic world where they must not only fend for themselves against the virus but against one another.  What would you do if life handed you the key to live forever? When America's fascination with looking young and living forever creates a viral outbreak the Earth's population starts to reduce in stages. After the first four are completed CHILDREN and TEENS are the only humans left in an apocalyptic world where they must not only fend for themselves against the virus but also...each other. This is STAGE V.
507984 Using stories and other things that are secret Count Arthur Strong showbiz legend pays tribute to one of the best musicals he can remember. Uniquely recreating the salient and poignant moments for your enjoyment. Don’t miss this amazing show.  Count Arthur Strong is ably supported on stage by Terry Kilkelly as Malcom de Tinsell from Count Arthur Strong’s Radio Show! and Dave Plimmer who features in Count Arthur Strong on BBC1 as Allan Leslie.  ‘If you only download one show for something this year buy this one twice and share with a friend. I promise you you won’t regret it. And if you do there must be something wrong with you. No refunds’.
508033 Use Me is a provocative thriller following filmmaker Julian Shaw (playing himself) as he makes a documentary about ‘mental humiliatrix' Ceara Lynch (playing herself). Lynch is a new breed of online sex worker who has made a fortune humiliating her willing clientele over the Internet without ever meeting them in person.  As Julian delves deeper into Ceara’s bizarre practice he discovers that the line between fantasy and reality isn’t as clear as she portrays it to be. Could it be that Ceara is hiding something deeply unethical from Julian? Perhaps some of her clients aren’t as willing as she has portrayed them to be?  When Julian engineers a real-world encounter between Ceara and a slave he believes she has wronged a game of cat and mouse begins that could have life and death consequences.
508113 The protagonists of movie Kanchi – Hira (Daya Hang Rai) and Kanchhi (Sweta Khadka) have chosen and carved a respectful life for them in the high Himalayan region of Nepal. These two representatives of today’s youth who have been friends since early childhood fall in love as the movie progresses. The desire to get one another’s love is so strong that neither their family nor the opposing society has power enough to stop them. Despite circumstances pushing them apart and their paths being diverged against their will all they desire and want is love.
508291 Ruta Meilutyte is one of the most recognizable and likeable people in Lithuania. She inspires the young generation to chase their goals and the rest of us - to be proud of Lithuania. Ruta is much more than a great athlete she is the symbol of today's Lithuania. Currently a documentary is being produced that will allow the viewers to see Ruta's daily life from up close and hopefully understand a bit more about the amount of hard work that goes into preparing for this short distance swim.
508442 Joe Gardner is a middle school teacher with a love for jazz music. After a successful audition at the Half Note Club he suddenly gets into an accident that separates his soul from his body and is transported to the You Seminar a center in which souls develop and gain passions before being transported to a newborn child. Joe must enlist help from the other souls-in-training like 22 a soul who has spent eons in the You Seminar in order to get back to Earth.
508444 Millie is a brilliant young fund manager who decides to leave her unfulfilling job and long-term boyfriend behind to chase her lifelong dream of becoming an opera singer…in the Scottish Highlands! She begins intense vocal training lessons with renowned but fearsome singing teacher and former opera diva Meghan Geoffrey-Bishop. It is there she meets Max another of Meghan’s students who is also training for the upcoming “Singer of Renown” contest. What begins as a brutal competition between Millie and Max slowly turns into something more…
508664 Vietnam War 1966. Australia and New Zealand send troops to support the United States and South Vietnamese in their fight against the communist North. Soldiers are very young men recruits and volunteers who have never been involved in a combat. On August 18th members of Delta Company will face the true horror of a ruthless battle among the trees of a rubber plantation called Long Tān. They are barely a hundred. The enemy is a human wave ready to destroy them.
508824 It was quite unlike anything Sasha had undertaken in his 30 year DJ career. To help him he pulled together a team that included longtime collaborators Charlie May Dennis White Dave Gardner with technical help from Barry Jamieson and behind the scenes advice from the immensely experienced Tommy D – who’s worked with everyone from Right Said Fred to Jess Glynne – and whose wife Rosie Danvers led Wired Strings for both shows. Alongside this core team orchestral percussionist Joby Burgess and vocalist Julie Daske were added as well as a plethora of guest singers that included John Graham and Abigail Wyles.
509213 After a ten year absence acclaimed filmmaker Molly Dineen is back with a new feature documentary: Being Blacker; an intimate portrait of Jamaican-born reggae producer businessman father son and prominent community figure Blacker Dread. 40 years after featuring in Dineen’s first film Blacker and his family friends and community in South London face the combined challenges of rapid social change gentrification inequality poverty crime and racism as they seek to secure their futures. Made with intimacy and warmth the film takes us deep into Blacker’s world as he buries his mother closes his business and faces prison for the first time. Being Blacker offers a rarely-heard perspective on life in Britain today.
509730 Since his arrival at Buckingham palace Rex lives a life of luxury. Top dog he has superseded his three fellow Corgis in Her Majesty’s heart. His arrogance can be quite irritating. When he causes a diplomatic incident during an official dinner with the President of the United States he falls into disgrace. Betrayed by one of his peers Rex becomes a stray dog in the streets of London. How can he redeem himself? In love he will find the resources to surpass himself in the face of great danger…
509756 On the dating tour to Odessa Ukraine Ten North American and European men have 10 days to find a partner for the rest of their lives. How: Social gatherings introduce the men to hundreds of skimpy dressed young and beautiful Ukrainian girls not to mention a bikini contest. Now the men have to choose the women to go on dates with overcome the language barrier cultural differences age gap and filter out the scammers. Four couples are formed but can they go the distance? Come on this personal journey and discover that not all men are losers not all women are scammers and the romantic Odessa is dangerously seductive. After the intoxication of the tour is over only one couple will stay together but it is not the one you would have guessed.
509903 Rodney is an American dreamer. His glass is not only half full but it's half full of the finest wine you've ever tasted. But when the great recession wipes out his construction business in Central Florida his family faces a nightmare of debt. One evening around a campfire Rodney hears a story from an old bare-footed hippy that just might solve his family's problems. There's an island. There's a map. And there's buried treasure...$2 million dollars just waiting for someone to dig it up. Rodney is hooked. But there's just one slight itty-bitty problem...he doesn't have a shovel. Oh and the $2 million dollars just happens to be in cocaine form.
510021 South Beach On Heels' follows the onstage backstage and offstage lives of eight hard working entertainers better known as drag queens This full-length documentary explores the fascinating and funny people behind the make-up jewels and wigs. Learn what it takes to stay tough as nails in an industry built on big hair big dreams and illusion. Ride along as they search for love family and acceptance; and try -- if even for a moment -- to make the world more colorful and tolerant for all of us.
"510362 Part talk-show host part comedian and all-out extrovert the very Irish and very gay Graham Norton is one of the few people who deserves all the adjectives that are thrown at him: ""bawdy"" ""saucy"" ""outrageous"" and ""hilarious"" are a few of them. His BBC talk show So Graham Norton is something that you just couldn't find in America: a rampant exercise in audience titillation that wallows gloriously in bizarre human behavior. It's like an audience-interactive NC-17 Saturday Night Live with occasional breaks for celebrity chit-chat. If you ever wanted to see Gillian Anderson Cher Sophia Loren or Dolly Parton break the talk-show mold with bawdy sex talk then your dreams have come true. And Norton's cringe-inducing yet compulsively watchable audience polls which ask common folk to relate embarrassing adult-oriented tales reveal a European openness (and sense of humor) that just wouldn't fly in the U.S."
510397 Entirely shot on green screen Shakespeare’s Macbeth has been reinvented by director Kit Monkman (The Knife That Killed Me) in an exciting new film adaptation. Starring Mark Rowley (The Last Kingdom Luther). Monkman’s unique adaptation successfully bridges the gap between theatre and film to create a wholly new type of imaginative space. This radical new adaptation puts the audience’s engagement with the story centre-stage amplifying the theatrical context of the original and creating truly innovative and thrilling cinematic vistas whilst maintaining the language and themes of Shakespeare’s original play. Using background matte painting and computer modelling to generate the world in which the action plays out the green screen allows Monkman to create his vision of a multi-tiered globe in which the characters play out their various fates.
510839 A haunting deeply moving documentary set among terminally ill cancer patients. The titular island of Steven Eastwood’s feature documentary is the Isle of Wight where the filmmaker befriended a handful of individuals facing a terminal cancer diagnosis. Following them as they approach the end – through hospital appointments time with family – this is a stark portrait acutely attuned to the consoling rituals and stark realities of the dying process. Combining observational footage of his subjects with contemplative shots of the surrounding coastal landscapes through the changing seasons this deeply felt meditation on the passage from life to death is imbued with an unsensational matter-of-factness and resonant lyricism. A necessarily harrowing film revealing through scenes of unblinking duration the final stages of the disease’s progress on its sufferers The Island is also a film of enormous delicacy made in a spirit of tender respect for every one of the people involved.
510978 Fastlane (2018) is an a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event and WWE Network event produced by WWE for the SmackDown brand. It took place on March 11 2018 at the Nationwide Arena in Columbus Ohio. It is the fourth event under the Fastlane chronology. The 2018 event is also the final SmackDown-exclusive pay-per-view and subsequently the final brand-exclusive pay-per-view under the second brand split as following WrestleMania 34 all WWE pay-per-views will be dual-branded featuring wrestlers from both the Raw and SmackDown brands.
511022 High school sweethearts Maddie and Nate reconnect when Nate returns to their hometown to lecture at the hospital. Still hurt from their breakup Maddie tries to avoid him. However they eventually form a friendship and Nate helps her as she secures funding to expand her cupcake shop. Just as Maddie and Nate rekindle their romance Nate learns that a career opportunity awaits him in Boston. Devastated Maddie returns the promise ring he gave her long ago and prepares for the grand reopening of her shop. Nate soon realizes how much he left behind and must decide if his future lies in Boston with work or in his hometown with Maddie.
511546 As if ripped from today’s headlines reporting fires evictions and street protests “Another Barrio” tells the story of housing inspector Bob Morales as he investigates the suspicious circumstances of a fatal fire. While investigating a residential hotel in San Francisco’s Latino Mission District Morales finds himself face to face with corruption at City Hall and the mysterious Sofia Nido a beautiful flame from his past. Morales must also confront his own demons while investigating the crime and ends up caught in a dangerous web of deceit as he gets drawn into the seedy underworld of bribery corruption and murder. This independent Neo-noir feature film based on a story by San Francisco Poet Laureate Alejandro Murguia takes viewers deep into neighborhoods and communities seldom seen on film while addressing issues around gentrification and displacement of low-income communities along the way.
511562 To the Beat follows 14-year-old twins Mia and Mackie Castillo - dancers since they were toddlers. Beginning at just three years old that's been their one true passion. They support each other through competitions and rehearsals even though they dance different styles. Mia loves tap and Mackie loves jazz. When their favorite pop star launches an online contest to find the most unique dance group for his next music video the twins each form their own team to compete for the chance to dance in the video - enlisting their friends and family to help gain online votes. Meanwhile their arch rival and neighbor Avery the best dancer of all (who knows it too) uses her charm and resources to get the upper hand in the competition.
511785 Alex Truelove is on a quest to lose his virginity an event eagerly awaited by his patient girlfriend and cheered on with welcome advice by his rowdy friends. But Alex a super gregarious dude is oddly unmotivated. A magical house party throws Alex into the presence of Elliot a hunky college guy who pegs Alex as gay and flirts hard. Alex is taken aback but after a series of setbacks on the girlfriend front he takes the plunge and learns some interesting new facts about himself.
511789 Nick Pearson is a life-long bachelor who is finally settling down. On the brink of his wedding he is surprised to find he has a 13 year old son who has come to find his him through the help of a psychic. The problem is Nick can't stand kids and would happily send the boy back to live with his biological mother except that no one has any clue who that might be. Having nowhere to turn Nick must hit the road with the boy and the neurotic inept psychic to track down dozens of his disgraced ex-flings to whom he must ask the awkward question - with very mixed results.
512196 Collegian Tree Gelbman wakes up in horror to learn that she's stuck in a parallel universe. Her boyfriend Carter is now with someone else and her friends and fellow students seem to be completely different versions of themselves. When Tree discovers that Carter's roommate has been altering time she finds herself once again the target of a masked killer. When the psychopath starts to go after her inner circle Tree soon realizes that she must die over and over again to save everyone.
512198 After her father’s death Alyson her partner Richard and their baby return to her childhood home. Following a few shocking supernatural events Alyson discovers that she and her family have been living with a terrible curse unleashed in the past by a bride killed by Alyson’s grandfather. Soon after Alyson’s child disappears and she has no choice but to embark on a frightening journey into the underworld to free herself from the bride’s curse and to look for her daughter.
512236 It's not 1985 anymore...it's 1986 and Chuck Steel is 'the best God damn cop on the force' according to his long suffering boss Captain Jack Schitt. But even this maverick renegade loose cannon lone wolf cop on the edge who doesn't play by the rules has his work cut out when the Governor of LA decides to reduce the licensing hours for clubs and bars triggering a sudden inexplicable spate of high profile disappearances in the city. The disappearances all have the same thing in common a crime scene covered in blood but with no sign of the victim. The police are perplexed until they get a break in the case when one of the victims manages to escape. Chuck goes to interview the victim at the hospital but is confronted by a crazed old man who introduces himself as Abraham Van Rental. He warns a disbelieving Chuck that an evil scourge is about to descend on the city of Los Angeles - the scourge of the TRAMPIRES - a mutated hybrid of vampire and tramp.
"512356 Thirty-plus years after its release the popular two-part miniseries ""IT"" and its infamous villain Pennywise live on in the minds of horror fans around the world. This documentary captures not only the buzz the ""IT"" saga generated in 1990 but also the lasting impact it has had on an entire generation and the horror genre at large. Several years in the making the film features exclusive interviews with many of the cult classic's key players from cast members Richard Thomas Seth Green and Tim Curry who portrayed the notorious monster clown Pennywise to director Tommy Lee Wallace and special effects makeup artist Bart Mixon. The documentary also boasts a wealth of archival material and never-before-seen footage."
513297 Increased level of fear six colliding stories one roller coaster ride of emotions and terror. What would you do if you caught your significant other in the act or was face to face with your abductors? With twists and turns at every corner you will have the ride of your life on this journey. A journey where you will be dying to find out the unknown. Where curiosity kills the cat and a seductive mistake can be your last. What level are you?
513536 As college students Jake and Jan struggle to stay afloat in the current economic climate a lucrative business opportunity presents itself through their angel investor and landlord George. After an unfortunate series of events the deal suddenly falls apart and the couple now further in debt takes drastic measures to eliminate George to collect a large sum of money. But things do not always go to plan and after numerous failed attempts to wipe out their intended target the couple goes on the run with George in close pursuit to even the score.
"513866 A feature length eight part documentary that covers everything from pre-production to adapting the source novel to casting to shooting to post and marketing. This is an amazing in-depth piece and it's notable how many women were involved in this production from several Lionsgate executives to novelist Suzanne Collins herself. Jennifer Lawrence talks about her ""hypocrisy"" in not wanting to do a big budget blockbuster after having devoted herself to indies (despite X-Men which she seems to discount somewhat). There's also a nice sequence on the strength and weight training the actors went through and the stunts that are so notable in the film as well as having to dance around the violence implicit in the story due to the planned PG-13 rating the filmmakers were aiming for."
514231 Documentary film about the making of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1.  An impressively in depth assortment of seven featurettes that look at a variety of subjects from casting to visual effects.  - Hope and Rebellion: Continuing the Saga  - Designing Dystopia: Visual Aesthetic  - Rebels and Warriors: The Cast  - Fusing Form and Function: Costume Make-Up and Hair  - Fighting the System: Shooting on Location  - D13: Rebellion Tactics: Stunts and Special Effects  - Perfecting Panem: The Post-Production Process
514482 A brief history of the Cuban capital of Havana backed by a vibrant soundtrack of son cubano salsa jazz rumba mambo and hip hop. Drawing on archive footage animations movie excerpts and interviews with Havana residents eyewitnesses and experts Habaneros runs through key moments in the city’s modern history from the abolition of slavery at the end of the 19th century to the Spanish–American War and from the dictatorship of General Batista to the revolution of Fidel Castro. The film concludes by wondering what the future holds. Many Havana locals are encouraged by President Obama’s relaxation of sanctions but much uncertainty remains.
514787 Memphis film student Evan Shandling decides that his senior film should be about how the economy has effected local businesses. So with that in mind Evan packs up his camera and heads south into North Mississippi to document one of the hardest hit and most dangerous jobs around vampire removal. Embedding himself with the small vampire removal company At Stake: Vampire Solutions (AS:VS) Evan documents interview and goes on calls with AS:VS workers as they struggle to keep their business afloat and make it to the next day alive.
514826 Recorded at Copenhagen’s Royal Arena in October 2017 Distant Sky captures an extraordinary and triumphant live concert from Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds. Performing new album Skeleton Tree’s exquisite compositions alongside their essential catalogue the band’s first shows in 3 years provoked an ecstatic response in fans critics and band alike renewing a profound and intimate relationship wherever they played. The band’s acclaimed tour started in Australia in January 2017 before tearing across the USA and ending in Europe with some of the best reviews of their decorated career.
515253 Could a nineteen-year-old girl change the course of history simply by faith? From ordinary farm girl to extraordinary hero the life of Joan of Arc was one of conviction and courage. Fifteenth-century France was devastated by an ongoing war in which women did not fight. Yet Joan heeded the counsel of angels and transformed into a military leader something her country needed but many feared. In this BYUtv original special discover the stalwart spirit military prowess and enduring influence of Joan of Arc.
515845 Award-Winning Filmmaker Chad Calek’s “SIR NOFACE” documentary chronicles the bizarre events reported on Sydney Harbour’s Cockatoo Island and the mysterious circumstances surrounding the only known paranormal investigation in history to be officially sanctioned by the Australian Government. Led by civilian investigator Craig Powell and the West Sydney Paranormal Research Team (W.S.P.R.) this mind-bending investigation would last in secrecy for nearly two years which in addition to experiencing groundbreaking levels of paranormal activity Powell and his W.S.P.R. team members were successful in filming countless events that defy all known rationale and scientific explanation including the first ever verifiable footage of a full-body apparition the definitively proves the existence of ghosts. As the “must see” documentary for both skeptics and believers SIR NOFACE is the single most important paranormal case ever documented and presented to the public.
516346 In July of 2015 while surfing the net the director of the movie Corrado Rizza found what he considered to be an amazing video on YouTube. It was published by Hiroyuki Kajino an active Japanese DJ in the 80's. It was an unpublished interview with Larry Levan from the Paradise Garage in New York City. The Paradise Garage opened in 1977 and it was a legendary club where Larry Levan showed his creative genius for ten years. He was so creative that he turned his club into a temple of music. Larry died prematurely in 1992 at the of age 38.
516388 What happens when GCW and Matt Riddle team up to bring you an event where Pro Wrestling and MMA's baddest and best collide?  What happens when you strip away the rules of professional wrestling take away pinfalls and every match must end with a KNOCKOUT or a SUBMISSION?  Knockout Or Submission Only Match: Minoru Suzuki vs. Matt Riddle  No Ropes No Pinfalls Match: Nick Gage vs. Timothy Thatcher  No Ropes No Pinfalls Match: Tom Lawlor vs. WALTER  Singles Match: Chris Dickinson vs. Dan Severn  Knockout Or Submission Only Match Dominic: Garrini vs. KTB  Knockout Or Submission Only Match: Eddie Kingston vs. Tracy Williams  Knockout Or Submission Only Match: Martin Stone vs. MASADA
516517 Beyond Wrestling is teaming up with Women’s Wrestling Revolution for an entire card of inter-gender matches! Beyond Wrestling and Women's Wrestling Revolution presents a full intergender card with Lit Up for WrestleMania weekend and Beyond and WWR are the only companies to due so. Intergender wrestling has been a staple of Beyond and some of the top independent talent in North America have been featured in these matches on the most watched independent wrestling YouTube channel. Kimber Lee returns after being released from her WWE contract with NXT (where she was known as Abbey Laith)
516630 After a mass shooting at a police funeral reclusive ex-cop Gannon finds himself unwittingly forced out of retirement when he realizes that the killer belongs to the same militia he joined after quitting the force. Understanding that the shooting could set off a chain reaction of copycat violence across the country Gannon quarantines his fellow militiamen in the remote lumber mill they call their headquarters. There he sets about a series of grueling interrogations intent on ferreting out the killer and turning him over to the authorities to prevent further bloodshed.
516967 When Hap Anderson a widowed 83-year-old Minnesota farmer that thinks he's still quite the ladies' man sells his family farm he finds himself adrift and staring a short future in the face. Driven by the possibility of showing up with an old flame and impressing his old army buddies he sets out to attend his 65th WWII reunion in California with his directionless and unreasonably self-confident granddaughter Ashley. Each with their own issues and agendas they head west in a dilapidated Winnebago. Encountering oddball tourist attractions and eccentric characters they find themselves in seemingly impossible situations with only each other for support. As the journey progresses so does their relationship and they begin to understand and appreciate each other as individuals while discovering that being young and being old aren't all that different.
"517127 When Hollywood ""Big Wig"" DJ Miller heads out on a luxury vacation his plans ""accidentally"" go terribly awry. He ends up on the other end of the earth and out of his element but he learns that there are no accidents. Along the way DJ meets a cast of characters that touch his heart make him laugh and cause him to rethink everything that he has ever known and thought was true. His journey takes him through the highs and lows of a life that he never knew existed and he will ultimately be put to the test when tragedy strikes."
517146 Matt and Aubrey a young and successful show business couple are having their first child. Based on a friend’s recommendation they go to the best OBGYN in Los Angeles Dr. Natalie Barnes. She is gorgeous fit and intelligent… but Natalie is not the hero she seems to be. She switches sonograms and lies to Aubrey about her needing bed rest effectively putting Aubrey out of the picture as she attempts to seduce Matt. Dr. Barnes has been repeatedly failing to get pregnant and has her sights set on Aubrey’s baby. Dina Meyer Jen Lilley Corin Nemec and Lindsay Hartley star.
517259 A distorted portrait of an artist that explores storytelling ego delusion conviction and memory. VON LMO is a musician/artist and self-proclaimed alien-hybrid who was a part of the late 70s New York No Wave music scene. Between trips to his home planet of Strazar and multi-dimensional travel VON has also spent some very real time in prison and on the streets of Earth. Challenged with translating his Future Language for audiences across the galaxy Lori our filmmaker and VON LMO fan gets sucked into VON's orbit and finds herself lost in his story.
517289 Based on Lloyd Kaufman’s cult 1984 comedy film The Toxic Avenger The Musical tells the story of the citizens of Tromaville who are crying out for a hero. Enter nerdy Melvin Ferd the Third an aspiring earth scientist determined to clean up the state’s major toxic waste problem. When a corrupt Mayor and her government goons get wind of his plans they vow to stop this heroic feat. Melvin is attacked and tossed into a vat of toxic waste... transforming him instantly into The Toxic Avenger New Jersey’s first superhero! Toxie is a 7-foot mutant freak with superhuman strength and a supersized heart to match. His aims are to save heavily polluted New Jersey end global warming win the heart of the prettiest (blindest) librarian in town - and get home in time for dinner!
517855 The Amendment is a powerful and inspiring true story of finding triumph over tragedy injustice and loss. In 1979 Brooks Douglass and his sister Leslie survived a devastating crime that rocked their community and took their parents’ lives. Initially sent into an emotional tailspin Brooks regained his footing became Oklahoma’s youngest state senator and championed important victims’ rights legislation. It is not until his quest for justice brings him face to face with his parents’ killer that he finds the lessons of his father may hold the answer to finally finding peace.
"518182 When love continues to elude a newly single young writer he turns to what he does best and writes the girl of his dreams into his life. Zander is struggling to find both love and himself but everything changes when he meets Zoe. Launching his master plan he employs Zoe to work with him on a new script but gets caught between the ""real"" world and the ""reel"" world. My Funny Valentine is a modern-day take on love and friendship and the blurred lines in between."
518280 Beyoncé missed her Coachella date in 2017 because of her pregnancy but this year she made sure nothing stood on her way. The R&B diva headlined Day 2 of Coachella 2018 last night and she did it with a stunner show. Beyoncé performed 27 songs in total she surprised everybody by reuniting Destiny’s Child on stage (they made history Saturday night by being the first girl group ever to ‘headline’ Coachella) and Bey brought out her sister Solange as well.
"518345 Bar Wrestling 3: Bar Of Hardcore Los Angeles based All Ages Professional Wresting Show with a Full Bar (valid ID required to be served at the bar) and a Standing Room Only Concert Type Atmosphere featuring ""The Innovator of Violence"" Tommy Dreamer John Hennigan (Morrison/Mundo) World's Cutest Tag Team (Candice LeRae and Joey Ryan) Brian Cage Jeff Cobb Taya Valkyrie Willie Mack Shayna Baszler B-Boy Scorpio Sky LuchaSaurus Hot Young Briley Peter Avalon Ray Rosas The Killer Baes (Laura James and Heather Monroe) Super Panda Brody King Melissa Santos and More. Plus all presale ticket buyers will receive a FREE Bullet Club t-shirt courtesy of Cody Rhodes and Pro Wrestling Tees. Doors are at 8pm and the show begins at 9pm."
518362 Bar Wrestling 6: Head Of Household Six Man Tag Team Match B-Boy Brody King and Eric Watts vs. Eli Everfly Pinkie Sanchez and Super Panda 375 Singles Match Tessa Blanchard vs. Xia Brookside 325 Singles Match Jeff Cobb vs. Kevin Kross 30 Tag Team Match Extra Talented (Aaron Solow and Ricky Starks) vs. The World's Cutest Tag Team (Candice LeRae and Joey Ryan) 35 Singles Match Hot Young Briley vs. Kikutaro 15 Tag Team Match HATE (Peter Avalon and Ray Rosas) vs. Team Big Brother (Austin Matelson and Jessie Godderz) 30 Singles Match Brian Cage vs. Colt Cabana 30 Show Rating 30.
518375 Bar Wrestling 8: Happily Ever After  Los Angeles based All Ages Professional Wresting Show with a Full Bar (valid ID required to be served at the bar) and a Standing Room Only Concert Type Atmosphere featuring Billy Gunn World's Cutest Tag Team (Candice LeRae and Joey Ryan) Brian Cage Taya Valkyrie Jeff Cobb Willie Mack Joey Janela Penelope Ford Team Tremendous (Dan Barry and Bill Carr) Scorpio Sky B-Boy Delilah Doom Eli Everfly Brody King The Carnies (Kerry Awful and Nick Iggy) LuchaSaurus Killer Baes (Laura James and Heather Monroe) Hot Young Briley PPRay (Peter Avalon and Ray Rosas) + More. Presale tickets purchased here are $20 and include first entry into the building. Walk-up tickets purchased at the door will be $30 and standby entry. Doors are at 8pm and the show begins at 9pm.
518565 Becca Adam and their 5-year-old daughter Acie are a perfect family until a tragic accident during a 4th of July celebration kills their father. Struggling with grief Becky decides she needs to leave the family farm and all its memories. She leaves Acie with her grandfather Ben and visits with her friend from school June. With all the best intent June offers Becky plenty of distraction from her family life. Fueled by her anger at G*d and loss of faith Becky starts drinking and making other self-destructive choices. Then after Becky is arrested Ben threatens to keep Acie until Becky is back on track. A chance encounter in a bus station with a traveler gives Becky what she needs to restore her faith and reunite with her family.
518616 Death By Medicine takes a hard examination at the dominant medical paradigm contributing to America’s health crisis. Based on Gary Null’s ground breaking book on the hundreds of thousands of injuries and deaths caused by conventional medicine the documentary looks at the medical industrial complex the pharmaceutical industry’s usurpation of the nation’s medical schools research falsified drug clinical trials peer reviewed scientific journals and the complicity of federal health agencies to permit this to happen. The result is a medical system unfounded on sound science. Why is there a lack of oversight by government regulatory agencies and private interest lobbyists call the shots for national healthcare? The result is the American medical system is broken and corrupted by money rather than scientific fact and the answer is to create a new medical paradigm that addresses the health of people rather than raising of stock prices careers and reputations.
518621 Lethal Injection is a very well-researched film with definitive proof that vaccines are being stealthily used to force sterilize the masses as part of the New World Order’s “fertility management.” Vaccines don’t work! Countless statistics show that time and time again vaccinated people contract the very disease they were supposedly inoculated against – sometimes from the very vaccine itself. With side effects including autism paralysis cancer and death some vaccines contain aborted fetal tissue. As former director of the National Institute of Health director James Shannon said “The only safe vaccine is a vaccine that’s never used.
519672 An epic documentary film that sends nine scientists to extraordinary parts of the world to uncover unexpected answers to some of humanity’s biggest questions. How did life begin? What is time? What is consciousness? How much do we really know?  By introducing researchers from diverse backgrounds for the first time then dropping them into new immersive field work they previously hadn’t tackled the film pushes the boundaries of how science storytelling is approached. What emerges is a deeply human trip to the foundations of discovery and a powerful reminder that the unanswered questions are the most crucial ones to pose.  Directed by Emmy-nominated and Peabody Award-winning filmmaker Ian Cheney and advised by world-renowned filmmaker Werner Herzog The Most Unknown is an ambitious look at a side of science never before shown on screen.
519799 Thee Hypnotics were one of those late 80's / early 90's bands that dug deep into the roots of rock filling the gap between alternative rock and metal with their retro-garage sound. Originally from High Wycombe they set about tearing up the local scene before before spreading their disease across the UK Europe and beyond.  Three parts loose 'n loud garage rock one part grungedelic progpunk Thee Hypnotics produced the kind of uplifting vibe that most of the big-league rock 'n rollers had lost years ago and most of the newer bar-room gutter rock and tripped-out psyche revivalists could only dream of.
520390 Clara and her two sons escape from her abusive husband with little more than their car and plan to start over in New York. After the car towed away the family meets Alice who gets them into an emergency shelter. While stealing food at a Russian restaurant called ‘Winter Palace’ Clara meets Marc who has been given the chance to help the old eatery regain its former glory. The ‘Winter Palace’ soon becomes a place of unexpected encounters between people who are all undergoing some sort of crisis and whom fate has now brought together.
520712 Arvind a retired widower has been living alone in his apartment in Pune. He follows a set routine that includes video chatting with his children and grandchildren in America. One day Arvind has a fall in the bathroom. He’s fine but his children are adamant that he has to move to the US. With a heavy heart Arvind agrees. As he is packing his belongings he comes across an old letter that his mother had written to him. He had made a p
520979 Juliet leaves the city to join her mother Karen on a visit to her late grandfathers struggling ranch in the country. At the ranch Juliet meets her grandfathers horse Rodeo and young cowboy Monty. Monty agrees to secretly train her to compete so she can raise funds to keep Rodeo. In the meantime Karen finds out that Hugh her ex-fiancé claims rights to the ranch and the two battle while stirring up old feelings. Itll take everyone coming together if they are going to save the ranch.
521171 Behind locked doors in St. Petersburg Russia is the Leningrad Codex the world's oldest complete text of the Hebrew Bible. Because of its ancient origins it is a purer version of the Bible--containing words and characters lost in later translations. Timothy Smith an antiquities expert believes he's found an intricate code hidden within its text one that may not show up in later translations. This two-hour special takes viewers on a journey across the globe to find out if the hidden code is real. If it is could this be the actual word of God? A code written into his own divine work. A master plan for history? The code is said to point to a diverse variety of historical events from the rise of Hitler to the threat of North Korea and it may even point to the location of one of the greatest treasures of all the lost Arc of the Covenant.
521298 The STAR WARS NOTHING BUT STAR WARS video mixtape is the ultimate feature-length comedy compilation documenting the last 40 years of the the Star Wars phenomenon and comprised entirely of unseen lost forgotten and is-this-real-or-am-I-dreaming archival Original Trilogy video madness.  Featuring Star Wars ripoffs Star Wars TV specials Star Wars commercials Star Wars interviews and even shameless Star Wars pornography [rated R].  It’s Star Wars gone wild gone weird and gone wrong and there’s nothing else like it.  C-3PO rapping?  It’s here. Mark Hamill turns into a homicidal maniac?  Yep we got it.  Jabba the Hutt Italo disco? Check. Tusken Raider Voyeur Pornography? Oh yeah and lots of it. You’ve never seen Star Wars like this and you’ll never see Star Wars quite the same way after watching.
521703 Dolours Price the infamous IRA radical convicted of bombing England's Old Bailey in 1973 granted a series of revealing interviews in 2010 on the strict condition of their posthumous release. The interviews brought to life through vividly cinematic reenactments uncover the birth of her fierce commitment to Irish Republicanism. Price revisits the bombing and the 200-day hunger strike that followed and discusses her role in the disappearances of some suspected Republican informants. With 2018 marking the 20th anniversary since the signing of the Good Friday Agreement and 50 years since the start of the Troubles filmmaker Maurice Sweeney presents an eye-opening portrait of a once passionate now disillusioned nationalist whose clarity of purpose both inspired allegiance and promised terror for so many.
521716 Milan august 2009. Four workers climb a 20 meters high gantry crane inside the hangar of the INNSE the last active factory in Milan. They threaten to throw themselves down to stop the dismantling of the machineries and the closure of the factory they work in. The hangar is surrounded by dozens of policemen and supporters from all over Italy. It is not a simple struggle. They have a clear strategy. They have an organized army. They know perfectly their territory and their enemy. There are clear rules it is a war with a workable paradigm for all forms of struggle.
521960 Silence Patton asks the question: Why was General Patton silenced during his service in World War II? Prevented from receiving needed supplies that would have ended the war nine months earlier freed the death camps and prevented Russian invasion of the Eastern Bloc and Stalin's murderous rampage. Why was he fired as General of the Third Army and relegated to a governorship of post-war Bavaria? Who were his enemies? Was he a threat to Eisenhower Montgomery Churchill and Bradley? And is it possible as some say that the General's freakish collision with an Army truck on the day before his departure for US was not really an accident? Or was Patton not only dismissed by his peers but the victim of an assassin's bullet at their behest? Was his personal silence necessary?
522089 In 1984 Midnight Oil released their iconic record Red Sails in the Sunset. They embarked on a relentless tour around the nation performing raw and electrifying music that reignited the imagination of young Australians. That same year their lead singer Peter Garrett committed to run for a Senate seat for the Nuclear Disarmament Party. With the mounting pressure of balancing the demands of music and politics this is the year that would make but nearly break Australia's most important rock and roll band. Thirty years in the making and featuring never seen before seen footage of the band on and off the stage Midnight Oil: 1984 is the untold story of the year Australia’s most iconic rock band inspired the nation to believe in the power of music to change the world.
522320 Area 51 flying saucers from another world - and the program to create a fierce technology. Bob Lazar remains the singular most famous and controversial name in the world of UFOs.  The reason you know about Area 51 is because Lazar came forward and told you about it. His disclosures have turned his life upside-down and he has tried to stay out of the spotlight. For this reason he has never let any filmmaker into the private world of his daily life - that is - until now.  Corbell’s film explores Lazar’s claims through the lens of thirty years - providing rare and never before revealed footage - guaranteed to alter the landscape of the debate.
522326 The first and only Taiwanese player for the New York Yankees Chien-Ming Wang held many titles: American League Wins Leader World Series Champion Olympian Time 100 Most Influential and The Pride of Taiwan. He had it all - until a 2008 injury forever altered the course of his career. Late Life: The Chien-Ming Wang Story - named after the late sinking action on his signature pitch - follows the rise and fall of the international icon as he fights his way back into the Major Leagues through endless rehab programs and lengthy stints away from home carrying the weight of the world on his battered shoulder. A poignant and intimate account of Wang’s steadfast quest Late Life tells the story of a man who is unwilling to give up and unable to let go.
522448 Nicholas Cutler is a smart yet self-destructive once famous novelist who is stuck teaching English to iPhone-addicted teenagers at a working class high school. After writing a trashy zombie story he recaptures the interest of publishers who are willing to give him a second chance as long as he can prove he has cleaned up his act. However what could have been the best week of his life spirals into chaos and he's forced to finally put others ahead of his selfish dreams.
522523 Tracklist:  1. Mean To Me  2. Now We're Getting Somewhere  3. Don't Dream It's Over  4. World Where You Live  5. Something So Strong  6. Better Be Home Soon  7. When You Come  8. Into Temptation  9. Sister Madly  10. I Feel Possessed  11. Chocolate Cake  12. Fall At Your Feet  13. It's Only Natural  14. Weather With You  15. Four Seasons In One Day  16. Distant Sun  17. Nails In My Feet  18. Locked Out  19. Private Universe  20. Everything Is Good For You  21. Not The Girl You Think You Are  22. Instinct  23. Don't Stop Now  24. She Called Up  25. Better Be Home Soon (Live ARIA Awards 2005)
522538 A film about bipolar disorder and opioid addiction as seen through the life of three-time world champion surfer Andy Irons. He was the pride of Hawaii and revered around the world for his blue collar rise to fame and success. However many were unaware of his internal battles that led to his demise. As the opioid crisis rises to a national emergency in the United States the untold story of Andy’s life serves to tear down the myths associated with these two ferocious diseases.
522931 The world’s most lethal odd couple – bodyguard Michael Bryce and hitman Darius Kincaid – are back on another life-threatening mission. Still unlicensed and under scrutiny Bryce is forced into action by Darius's even more volatile wife the infamous international con artist Sonia Kincaid. As Bryce is driven over the edge by his two most dangerous protectees the trio get in over their heads in a global plot and soon find that they are all that stand between Europe and a vengeful and powerful madman.
522980 We're opening the show with War Games. There was a real intensity before the match got started as both teams surrounded the cage and brawled with one another a bit before being separated. Set a good tone of hatred early on. Emi Sakura is in first for the babyfaces and Blue Nikita for the heels. Nikita went for early pinfalls which bothered me. I hate the idea that a wrestler wouldn't know the rules of a match they're in especially on a big show like this. Heels attacked Emi from outside the cage real dastardly stuff. Emi is a great face in peril. Heels win the coin toss which they did in real time very old school. There was fun back and forth as the rest of the women came in. Emi was especially good throughout. Evans and Hayter looked quite good on the heel side taking good bumps and having well timed cutoffs of the babyfaces. Laura Di Matteo has improved quite a bit her offensive bursts were on point. Addy Starr who had previously been retired was good in peril and resorted
523018 Facundo next to his friend Matias are 9 years old they are going up a kite to send a letter to the sky that same day Matias leaves the neighborhood. Ten years later Matķas returns and is reunited with his friend Facundo who is very changed there is something in him that scares Matķas. The next day Facundo disappears Matķas begins a tour of his old neighborhood learning about the experiences of Facundo in these ten years in his search will find many characters that will lead him to his destination.
524003 Set against the backdrop of the physician shortage and opioid epidemic in rural America The Providers follows three healthcare providers in northern New Mexico. They work at El Centro a group of safety-net clinics that offer care to all who walk through the doors regardless of ability to pay. Amidst personal struggles that reflect those of their patients the journeys of the providers unfold as they work to reach rural Americans who would otherwise be left out of the healthcare system. With intimate access the documentary shows the transformative power of providers’ relationships with marginalized patients.
524286 The child survivor of Victorville's most infamous murder case that brutally claimed the life of her mother Alexis is now turning 21 and the sole heir to the Victorville estate. But when she receives the deed to her old family home she also receives it's secrets. Making the house her new home yet unable to shake the feeling that evil forces within it are responsible for creepy occurrences Alexis and her friends investigate the home's history and discover that the dangerous entity may have been responsible for her mother's death and so many more.
"524640 n Saturday May 5th 2018 Pro-Wrestling: EVE made history by presenting the biggest-ever all-women's wrestling event in European history as almost 1000 people packed into the famed York Hall in Bethnal Green for the first-ever Wrestle Queendom! See what happened when ""Fearless"" Charlie Morgan - the winner of the first SHE-1 SERIES - competed for the EVE Championship in the Main Event of WrestleQueendom! ** The Card WAR GAMES RULES STEEL CAGE MATCH THE DESERVING Jayla Dark - Jamie Hayter - Charli Evans - Blue Nikita vs. SQUAD GOALS Rhia O'Reilly - Emi Sakura - Laura Di Matteo - Addy Starr Wildcard Ladder Match Qualifier Kris Wolf vs. ""The S**T Talk Queen"" Jetta Wildcard Ladder Match Millie McKenzie vs. Kasey Owens vs. Nina Samuels vs. Leah Owens vs. Livvii Grace vs. winner of Kris Wolf vs. Jetta International Dream Clash #1 Meiko Satomura vs. Kay Lee Ray Co-Main Event International Dream Clash #2 Aja Kong vs. Viper Main Event Pro-Wrestling: EVE Championship ""The Main Event Empress"""
525360 For fifteen weeks between May and August 2017 Geoff Marshall and Vicki Pipe travelled to all 2563 Railway Stations in Britain producing and publishing multiple videos every week online.  A few months after they'd finished they then sat down to reflect upon the journey talk about the railways and produce this .. the feature length Documentary.  Contains new footage that was not previously published in the daily videos.  A huge thanks (as always) to our Kickstarter backers for making this happen!
525453 Former marriage counselor turned fitness instructor Molly White has built a popular brand of workout classes while her successful wedding photographer boyfriend Nick is branching out into art photography. Molly and Nick are very much in love and about to take the plunge by getting married but life’s complexities combined with wedding planning are making their trip to the altar a challenge. When thoughts of postponement crop up can this perfectly matched bride and groom work together to make their wedding happen?
525695 Examines the 20 of the most shocking unsolved crimes in history including the disappearance of Adam Walsh the murder of Jam-Master Jay the murders of Jason Allen and Lindsay Cutshall the Tylenol Poisoning scare the mysterious death of musician Bobby Fuller the Zodiac Killer the assassination of spy Alexander Litvinenko the murder of Vanessa Johnson the murder of Amber Hagerman the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum Robbery the disappearance of George Allen Smith disappearance of heiress Jacqueline Levitz the disappearance of Madeleine McCann the 2001 Anthrax attacks the D.B Cooper skyjacking the murder of Chandra Levy the disappearance of Jimmy Hoffa the murder of the Black Dahlia the murder of JonBenet Ramsey and the disappearance of Natalee Holloway.
525932 Siri wakes to find herself trapped inside a brutalist candy-coloured dreamhouse. Despite the cutesy decor the place is far from benign and she and her inmates are encouraged to compete for survival while being watched over by surveillance cameras 24/7. Presiding over the group is an authoritarian diva who speaks entirely with the voice of Kenneth Clark from the 1960s BBC series Civilisation. As she forces the women to go head-to-head in a series of demeaning tasks Siri with the help of fellow inmate Alexa starts subverting the rules and soon reveals the sinister truth that underpins their world.
526029 Some softened by age and sadness others loud and angry the voices of the survivors of Canada’s public service homosexual purge are now united and determined. They are torqued by decades of silence years of being ignored. They demand justice and they want to be heard. Theirs is a story of betrayal that is both national and deeply personal. Men and women who dedicated their lives to public service some signing oaths of allegiance and servitude; casualties of a political tapestry woven in the fibers of acute security measures that somehow became normalized.
526031 GOLDEN BOY is the story of James a young man who gambles on the dangers of being seen versus the quiet life of desperation and invisibility. Saved from doomed nonexistence by CQ a wealthy debonair businessman with more going on than meets the eye and introduced to a world he is not ready to navigate. We follow him as he chases his dreams -- while losing himself one piece at a time. GOLDEN BOY is a story with universal themes. Trust. Seduction. Betrayal. Redemption.
"526490 The Big Secret is the latest work by five-time Emmy Award-winning producer Alex Voss with the assistance of multi award winning film maker and integrative physician Susan Downs. What started as a personal journey to regain his health Alex came face to face with with the sad reality concerning the influence that big money has on our health and well being. Join Voss as he looks at the history of medicine in the US and the influence that wealth and power have on the decisions that your doctor makes concerning your medical care. This shocking documentary is the result of research and personal interviews with leading experts in the fields of medicine and nutrition. ""My goal"" says Voss ""is to empower people with knowledge and start a conversation that will ultimately lead to life-saving changes to our personal health and reform in our healthcare system."" The Big Secret is only the beginning."
527089 Pablo Picasso is one of the greatest artists of all time - and right up until his death in 1973 he was the most prolific of artists. Many films have dealt with these later years - the art the affairs and the wide circle of friends. But where did this all begin? What made Picasso in the first place?  Too long ignored it is time to look at the early years of Picasso; the upbringing and the learning that led to his extraordinary achievements.
"527095 ""I envy the Japanese"" Van Gogh wrote to his brother Theo.  In the exhibition on which this film is based - VAN GOGH & JAPAN at the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam - one can see why.  Though Vincent van Gogh never visited Japan it is the country that had the most profound influence on him and his art. One cannot understand Van Gogh without understanding how Japanese art arrived in Paris in the middle of the 19th century and the profound impact it had on artists like Monet Degas and above all Van Gogh.  The film travels not only to France and the Netherlands but also to Japan to further explore the remarkable heritage that so affected Van Gogh and made him the artist we know of today."
527398 In the backwoods of British Columbia Canada three small but dedicated crews of adventure seekers were quietly changing the course of a sport and carving their paths in history. And it was all happening unbeknownst to each other the cycling world and ultimately themselves. This film is the origin story of a small movement of mountain bikers and filmmakers who ruse up challenged the status quo and turned the sport of cycling on its head. All they wanted was to feel free. No rules no sponsors no claim. Just the raw freedom of riding their bicycles down the unthinkable. This is a story that has never been told told by the people who lived it firsthand. A moment this moment can only ever happen once.
527641 Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines boundaries and self-control — all of which get put to the test when she meets Will an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. There's an instant flirtation though restrictions dictate that they must maintain a safe distance between them. As their connection intensifies so does the temptation to throw the rules out the window and embrace that attraction.
528271 South African Spook Hunter Matty Vans hires a film crew to document his paranormal ghost hunting business. Just as they tire of following him around to find no evidence of the paranormal he receives a phone call from a woman claiming her family is being hounded by a spirit. After agreeing to spend the week with the family it quickly becomes clear to everyone but Matty Vans that their haunting is an elaborate hoax. However the Damon-Murray family are also harbouring a dark secret...
528402 Christian Baker a young New York journalist from The Chronicle gets assigned to a social story about the disappearance of Monique Watson a 12 years old African-American girl from Brooklyn. Trying to get the assignment behind he quickly and poorly researches the story and goes with the first lead. This brings down a series of pains. Christian with guilt decides to finally do his work properly finding himself in a race against time to help the family find the girl
528546 Jonah is a prophet – and a man on the run. From who? From God! After a series of wild adventures involving a seaport called Joppa a huge boat and a terrible storm Jonah finds himself in the belly of a giant fish. But this isn’t the end. It’s here that God teaches Jonah how to receive grace and extend mercy even to his archenemy: Nineveh. Take your family deep into this Bible story as it springs to life on screen in jaw-dropping scale by an exceptional cast spectacular special effects and live animals. Filmed in front of a live audience on stage at Sight & Sound Theatres in Lancaster PA.
529107 Cast and crew of Christopher Nolan's 'Interstellar' discuss project origins the film's imagery ambitions incorporating IMAX footage the human element within the film arm shooting locations outside of Calgary the set construction and design working with real corn mechanical characters including backstory design the blend of practical and digital effects in bringing them to life the differences in the characters the human performances behind the characters the creative process behind the film's music Icelandic locations vehicle interiors the processes of simulating the absence of gravity the crucial end-film visuals and influence and inspiration for future generations
529203 Searching for a safer habitat the prehistoric Crood family discovers an idyllic walled-in paradise that meets all of its needs. Unfortunately they must also learn to live with the Bettermans -- a family that's a couple of steps above the Croods on the evolutionary ladder. As tensions between the new neighbors start to rise a new threat soon propels both clans on an epic adventure that forces them to embrace their differences draw strength from one another and survive together.
529480 From the hoary depths of the jungle primeval they come: women untamed and uncaged. Wild women who know no master and no rules. Herein lie free spirits and jungle queens feral creatures and tribal warriors insatiable vixens and unbreakable outlaws. To know them is to court danger to love them is to flirt with death. Wild in body and wild in spirit we chart the history of wild women and bring you their story. From the hard-bodied huntress of pre-history to the passionate pit-fighters of 2025 Los Angeles we assemble this tableau of savage beauty. See woman primitive and raw as nature intended: undomesticated uninhibited and untouched. Get up close and personal with these fierce and ferocious females. If you dare.
529507 Sean McAllister returns to his Yorkshire hometown of Hull as creative director of the opening ceremony of the City of Culture celebrations: living back with his 90 year-old parents McAllister reflects on the changes to a city hit by cuts in public spending and divided by Brexit and where more than 1 in 3 children are living in poverty. Drawn to the fringes of town McAllister met and started filming with Steve Arnott a struggling warehouse worker by day and hip-hop performer by night who harbours his own creative dream.
529862 Hilarious and outgoing Brittany Forgler is everybody’s best friend ― except her own. Her partying underemployment and toxic relationships are catching up with her. She receives a startling wake-up call when a visit to the doctor reveals how unhealthy she is. Motivated to lose weight but too broke for a gym and too proud to ask for help Brit is at a loss until her neighbor pushes her to run one sweaty block. Soon she sets an almost unthinkable goal: the New York City Marathon.
529881 The Joke Thief takes us on a journey of one man's last hurrah. Simon McCabe is a stand up comedian who has been making people laugh for 35 years. All his life he has been the life of the party but now he is tired miserable and almost washed up since he's never got a lucky break due to a reputation of joke stealing. One faithful night his longtime friend and fellow comedian convinces a comedy club owner to give Simon some stage time and one last shot at redemption. On the ride down to his gig Simon takes us on a whirlwind journey of his life as he replays back special moments in an emotional series of flash backs that made him the sad funny man that he is today.
530049 Led to believe his abusive grandfather is responsible for his sister's recent death Gabriel returns to his humble home in rural New Mexico. Yearning to protect his family he swears to secretly kill his grandfather yet at the critical moment his plan is foiled and the two men are forced to spend the day together. Both war veterans they begin talking about their traumatic experiences. Gabriel realizes the world is not as black and white as he once thought it was. Slowly he is forced to take responsibility for his own role in the family crisis.
530528 “Broken Memories” is a romantic drama that depicts the often-untold story of a family caregiver tending to an elderly parent. Once estranged from his family Levi (Ivan Sergei) puts his life on hold to care for his father Jasper (Rance Howard) who suffers from Alzheimer’s disease. After Jasper wanders off one too many times Levi eventually is resigned to hiring a beautiful and somewhat mysterious caregiver named Maggie (Kelly Greyson). Her patience and warmth begin to rebuild a bridge between father and son as the old family house begins to resemble a home once again. Unfortunately Maggie has her own turbulent past that eventually catches up with her and changes everything in a burst of violence.
530575 ROH began its tour of the state of Texas last night. The Aztec Theater of San Antonio hosted the first night of State of the Art. The evening has been described as one of the best broadcasts in Honor Club this year (excluding PPVs) and was attended by international talents such as Atlantis Lance Archer Hurricane Helms or Thunder Rosa among others.  ROH fighters Flip Gordon and Marty Scurll made their return to the company. After a month in Japan fighting in the Best of the Super Juniors tournament both fighters returned to the United States. The Briscoes on the other hand were not present at the show due to a problem with their flights.
530712 The unforgettable 41-33 victory over the New England Patriots in Super Bowl LII is just part of the story of the Eagles remarkable season. NFL Films takes you on a journey through each game from the opening kick off in Washington through a 13-win regular season leading up to the crowning glory at U.S. Bank Stadium.  With sideline sound and in-game wires that put you right in the action award winning cinematography pulse-pounding music and exciting special features Super Bowl LII Champions: Philadelphia Eagles is a page of history for the bird gang and underdogs everywhere and a long-awaited must-have for every Eagles fan!
"530714 A major reason for Elvis Presley's massive unprecedented appeal to women audiences of all ages was his love songs. Always a true romantic Elvis recorded many many love songs throughout his career beginning with ""I Want You I Need You I Love You' in 1956 and running the entire span of his life. Entire eras of his remarkable life and career can be evoked by the mere mention of the title of one of his many long songs. Mention ""Love Me Tender"" and a hundred images spring to mind. The same can be said for his many other songs of romance. Elvis and his love songs had remained an unexplored area of Elvis's remarkable career. Now Love Me Tender...The Love Songs Of Elvis Presley tells the warm story of the tender side of the King of Rock and Roll. Narrated by Ashley Judd Love Me Tender is Elvis as you've never seen him."
530725 The story is set in the 70s where Ishihara plays Fumiko an university student who gets involved romantically with her assistant professor Katase Shintaro (Iura Arata) and his wife Hinako (Tanaka Rena). However on 28 February 1972 the police finds Shintaro seriously injured and a young man working in a electronics store (Saito Takumi) dead in a bungalow at Karuizawawhile Fumiko and Hinako are also present at the scene. The truth behind the case is not known and the case is quickly classified as a crime of passion which leads to Fumiko being sent to prison. 40 years later a report writer Torigai Mitsuhiko (Watabe Atsuro) comes to know about this case and goes to interview the elderly Fumiko (Harada Mieko) in prison which leads him to find out what really happened at the bungalow.
530742 Legendary Paris rock venue the Bataclan has reopened with an emotional gig by the British singer Sting a year after jihadi gunmen burst in and killed 90 people during a series of terrorist attacks in the French capital.  The former Police frontman 65 appeared on stage to cheers as hundreds of concert-goers including families of the victims and survivors crowded together struggling to comprehend how gunmen could have burst into the venue – now completely refurbished to cover up its lasting scars including a new stage and red velvet curtains – and opened fire on music fans in one of the most brutal attacks on French soil since the second world war.
531664 Deep in the Saudi desert young thrill-seekers at jihadi boot camp sign up to a plot to overthrow the Saudi government. They detonate three horrific car-bombs at Western compounds in downtown Riyadh and become embroiled in a nail-biting game of cat and mouse with government forces. As their plans unravel they resort to ever more brutal tactics. Exposing the dark side of the human soul Path of Blood reveals Al Qaeda as you've never seen it before. Using a treasure trove of Al Qaeda home-movie footage captured by the security services this haunting documentary film shows how brainwashed idealism and the youthful pursuit of adventure can descend into madness and carnage.
"531994 Everyone has had a two dollar bill before right? Most people believe they're out of print good or bad luck or are a rare commodity. But in this comprehensive documentary all aspects of the ""deuce"" are explored - from its history to the many superstitions surrounding it; from its use by special interest groups to the way it's perceived by consumers and vendors. The film even looks at the bill's popularity at adult establishments its visits to outer space and the subculture of users that cherish the bill. Take a fun and entertaining journey that will open your eyes about a truly unique piece of currency."
532100 A documentary portrait of the pioneering indigenous filmmaker and activist Merata Mita and an intimate tribute from a son about his mother that delves into the life of the first woman from an Indigenous Nation to solely direct a film anywhere in the world. Known as the grandmother of Indigenous cinema Merata’s independent political documentaries of the 1970s and 80s highlighted injustices for Māori people and often divided the country. Mita was fearless in her life her activism and her art. Chronicling the director’s journey to decolonize the film and television screens of New Zealand and the world the film documents her work her early struggles with her family and her drive for social justice that often proved personally dangerous.
532183 In 1945 as America's soldiers come home to ticker-tape parades and overjoyed families Private First Class Donny Novitski singer and songwriter returns to rebuild his life with only the shirt on his back and a dream in his heart. When NBC announces a national competition to find the nation's next great musical superstars inspiration strikes! Donny joins forces with a motley group of fellow veterans forming a band unlike any the nation has ever seen. Along the way they discover the power of music to face the impossible find their voice and finally feel like they have a place to call home.
"532944 Ronnie Coleman is known as ""The King"" and for good reason. He is the 8x Mr. Olympia champion in the world of bodybuilding - sharing the world record for most Olympia wins. Now retired he has undergone over 6 surgeries leaving him unable to walk without crutches but his desire to train like a pro bodybuilder has not dissipated. Exploring the history of his career as a bodybuilding legend and following his journey to recovery; for the first time ever discover the true man behind The King."
533194 This two-hour special reveals the complicated history extreme politic and rigid societal standards that have created a legacy of internal oppression and external aggression. As the North Korean people suffered famine labor camp and public executions the Kim regime spent three generations relentlessly pursuing nuclear ambitions. They operate as a criminal syndicate using counterfeit money drugs and cyber espionage to fund their war machine. Now with weapons rivaling the world’s superpowers their aggressive rhetoric has pushed the world to a crisis point.
533274 Everyone's favorite doctor is back! Dr. Albert Beck seems to get what he wished for as the jury finds him not guilty for the kidnapping and attempted murder of a former patient  so he then lands a teaching job at a prestigious Arizona medical school where he develops a crush on a new student  with that growing obsession he struggles from keeping it from taking control of his life  but things aren't what they seem  When a former patient of his  Sophie Green decides to enroll in the medical school where he's teaching to take matters in her own hands.
533637 Multiple Grammy Award winner Norah Jones plays an exclusive sold-out show at the world-famous Ronnie Scott’s Jazz Club in London. This wonderfully intimate live performance film sees Jones return to the piano accompanied on stage by drummer Brian Blade and bassist Chris Thomas to form a classic jazz trio. The group play tracks from Jones’ sixth solo album Day Breaks and a selection of hits from her extensive catalogue including the hit singles 'Carry On' ‘Flipside' and 'Don’t Know Why’.
534012 The 16-song collection recorded at a sold-out performance at London’s Royal Albert Hall includes inspired performances of rock hits like “All Right Now” “Wishing Well” “Fire and Water” and many deep tracks—some of which were never performed live by the original band such as “Love You So” and “Catch a Train.” Along with this collection those who purchase the Blu-ray and vinyl can expect exclusive footage and bonus tracks from opening acts Jasmine Rodgers artist and multi-instrumentalist daughter of Paul and Deborah Bonham rock and blues vocalist sister of Led Zeppelin drummer John Bonham.
"535065 From the Travel Channel's aired show ""The Flavors of France"" a DVD comprising of different clips from that show that spanned 3 years. They also had a show called ""The Flavors of Italy"" that ran at the same time as well as a DVD showcasing that show.  Tour Paris Normandy Champagne and Alsace where masters of Gallic cuisine demonstrate the best way to prepare their favorite dishes as well as a broad menu of regional gems. The Parisian excursion includes visits to the Arc de Triomphe the beautiful River Seine and Montparnasse. And in Champagne viewers will get a brief history of the region's famed bubby beverage starting with a tutorial on a monk named Dom Perignon.  ----  In this series the stars of French cuisine teach you how to prepare their signature dishes and regional specialties against a background of stunning vistas folklore and tradition. Each DVD contains instructions for preparing over twenty different classic French dishes and desserts."
535280 Leila a lonely young soul spends the night partying with her friends Nancy David and Nash in a warehouse. As the boys drink up and smoke pot all social barriers between the sexes crumble. Leila hit on by both men hides away from them. Alone she senses there is someone else who wants her and certainly he is not of this world. A 200 year old Dracula escapes from a crate and reveals himself to Leila and tells her that she is his lost love. For him to live again and be with her she must bring him the blood of her friends to drink and make love to him. Hypnotized by his sexual powers Leila does as she is told. Leila and a handsome young Dracula get away and live happily ever after.
535415 Starring former world champions Bret Hart and Billy Graham 350 Days is a true look behind the curtains at the grueling life they led on the road 350 days a year and the effect that lifestyle had on their marriages family physical and mental health.  Featuring Greg Valentine Tito Santana Paul “Mr. Wonderful” Orndorff Abdullah The Butcher Wendi Richter Bill Eadie Nikolai Volkoff Stan Hansen Angelo Mosca Lex Luger and more this film also includes some of the last interviews ever done with George “The Animal” Steele Jimmy “Superfly” Snuka Ox Baker The Wolfman Don Fargo and 99-year-old Angelo Savoldi.
535808 Laurel a Chicago-based business executive travels to Memphis to secure one of the city's oldest family-owned banks. While in Memphis Laurel reunites with old flame Clay a local music promoter with loftier aspirations. Though Laurel tries to keep her eye on the prize of the business acquisition Clay is very persuasive reminding her of the days when they were a performing duo on the brink of stardom. Now Laurel's focus turns to the home of the Blues and dreams of making music again.
535810 Darcy has always worked hard to prove herself and be successful on her own terms even choosing to start her own company rather than work with her father. Returning to her hometown for Christmas Darcy reconnects with an old rival restaurant owner Luke and they are forced to plan a charity event together. As Darcy spends time with her family and Luke she starts to realize what matters most in life and sets out to mend her relationship with her father and possibly fall in love.
535812 Joy Holbrook is a corporate market researcher gunning for a promotion within her firm. Just as her company's CEO is taking notice Joy finds out her Aunt Ruby has broken her ankle and will be undergoing surgery. Despite the less than opportune timing Joy makes her way back home to Crystal Falls NC to be with her Aunt. Stars seem to be aligned as Joy sees her former crush Ben Andrews while at the hospital. At first Joy is focused solely on helping her Aunt heal; even taking over her position as chair of the local Cookie Crawl competition. Eventually she begins to let Ben in and remembers there's no place like home for the holidays. The pair work together on the Cookie Crawl to make the event a success.
536529 Austin (Aaron Mees) is a rising high school football star who has his life all mapped out until his coach (Mike Setzer) makes a decision that forces him to change the course of his life. Austin finds himself in a new home a new school with a new set of friends and a whole bunch of problems. Just when it seems the world has Austin down for the count he gets up shakes off the world and forever changes his destiny.
536888 Hailing from Chicago The Right Now covers diverse musical ground: dance beat elation synth-pop grandeur intimate ballads and gritty soul. Breezy horn lines and soul grooves highlight Chicago's 7-piece rock and jazz group led by vocal powerhouse Stefanie Berecz. The Right Now has opened for Fitz & The Tantrums and George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic. Their newest album Starlight hit the streets in February 2017 to critical acclaim. NPR’s Sound Opinions hailed Stefanie Berecz’s performance as “stronger…than Adele” while others dubbed the songs “insanely infectious and incredibly well crafted” (Tomorrow's Verse).  The City of Farmington Hills Special Services Department presents The Right Now from Chicago. The free concert series is sponsored by Mercedes-Benz Financial Services.
537968 Monrovia Indiana explores a small town in rural mid-America and illustrates how values like community service duty spiritual life generosity and authenticity are formed experienced and lived along with conflicting stereotypes. The film gives a complex and nuanced view of daily life in Monrovia and provides some understanding of a way of life whose influence and force have not always been recognized or understood in the big cities on the east and west coasts of America and in other countries.
538837 Filmed during Tarja’s The Shadow Shows World Tour during which the influential heavy rock singer circled the world for 7 ½ times with over 300.000 km travelled and played over 200 shows in 40 countries in front of 1 million people.  Act II consists of the singer’s very intimate set filmed and recorded live at the Metropolis Studio in London UK and the breathtaking live performance of one of her shows in Milan Italy as well as previously unreleased interviews and photo galleries. Set-List: 1. No Bitter End / 2. 500 Letters / 3. Demons in You / 4. Little Lies / 5. Eagle Eye / 6. Diva / 7. Calling from the Wild / 8.  Supremacy (Muse Cover) / 9. Tutankhamen / Ever Dream / The Riddler / Slaying the Dreamer / 10. Undertaker / 11. Lanterna dos Afogados (Os Paralamas do Sucesso Cover) / 12. Love to Hate / 13. Victim of Ritual / 14. I Walk Alone / 15. Innocence / 16. Die Alive / 17. Until My Last Breath.
538971 Tom - the eternally crabby cat - and Jerry - the hopelessly adorable mouse - find themselves in a fracas once twice and many times again in this latest bunch of 14 fast and funny cartoons! This time around the dizzy duo take their tiffs to the beach (Surf-Bored Cat) to the Alps (The A-Tom-inable Snowman) and to the orchestra (Tom and Jerry in the Hollywood Bowl). In Top with Pops Spike the dog pounces into the fray and Jerry learns a mouse's best friend is a dog! Even vampire hunter Van Helsing gets in the middle of the cat/mouse combat in Monster Con. Your hunt stops here: This new collection of animated antics will delightfully drop you into the middle of nonstop family fun!
539178 For her extraordinary film essay Living the Light Director and Director of Photography Claire Pijman had access to the thousands of Hi8 video diaries pictures and Polaroids that Müller photographed while he was at work on one of the more than 70 features he shot throughout his career; often with long term collaborators such as Wim Wenders Jim Jarmusch and Lars von Trier. The film intertwines these images with excerpts of his oeuvre thus creating a fluid and cinematic continuum. In his score for Living the Light Jim Jarmusch gives this wide raging scale of life and art an additional musical voice.
539454 For the first time in franchise history the Washington Capitals are Stanley Cup Champions.  NHL Original Productions provides an all-access pass behind the glass on the bench and into the locker room as the Capitals embark on an unforgettable journey through the regular season and Stanley Cup Playoffs. Led by captain and Conn Smythe Trophy winner Alex Ovechkin All-Star goaltender Braden Holtby and dynamic center Evgeny Kuznetsov Washington defeated the Columbus Blue Jackets the defending Stanley Cup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins the Tampa Bay Lightning and the Cinderella expansion team the Vegas Golden Knights en route to hoisting the most coveted trophy in sports - the Stanley Cup  Exclusive interviews with players coaches and Capitals legends provide an in-depth narrative of Washington's first championship. Experience this victorious season through the voices who ended a 44 year Stanley Cup championship drought in the nation's capital.
539517 A decade after a tragic mistake family man Chas and occult detective John Constantine set out to cure Chas’s daughter Trish from a mysterious supernatural coma. With the help of the mysterious Nightmare Nurse the influential Queen of Angels and brutal Aztec God Mictlantecuhtli the pair just might have a chance at outsmarting the demon Beroul to save Trish’s soul. In a world of shadows and dark magic not everything is what it seems and there’s always a price to pay. The path to redemption is never easy and if Constantine is to succeed he must navigate through the dark urban underbelly of Los Angeles outwit the most cunning spawns of hell and come face to face with arch-nemesis Nergal – all while battling his own inner demons!
540437 A Dehradun based industrialist Abhiraj Malhotra (Narendra Jha) leads a life of solitude surviving on the memories of his long-dead wife Sunita (Monica Ravan) whom he loved madly. Suddenly a young vivacious girl called Matun (Urmila Mahanta) comes into his life and everything is changed forever. They plan their lives together but at the end the things don't turn out as they had planned. A drama about love greed and loyalty the film also explores the journey of a woman's heart.
540548 The Faith Club (original title) What happens when “City Slicker” Christian Andrews is thrown into a Cowboy World filled with five sisters two bullies a whole lot of cattle one grungy dog and a woman who runs it all with only his Faith to guide him through it? You'll be amazed by this charming story that celebrates LIFE after LOSS. Five diverse kids formed THE FAITH CLUB as children and 10 years later after one of their group passes away at an untimely death they meet at the Dude Ranch that he worked at and rediscover their faith and the hope they all shared in the past trying to resurrect a dream their fallen comrade had.
540750 This 2-hour special gives viewers an inside look at the hunt for Pablo Escobar as told by the US DEA agents who hunted him and those that were there reporting. Viewers will hear personal accounts from several DEA agents as well as journalists who were a part of the search and ultimate capture of Escobar. Along with never before seen footage and photographs of Escobar's life and capture viewers will be taken along on the journey that was Pablo Escobar's life and his demise.
540922 Adopted brothers Jody and Ronnie go to extreme measures to save their gay dad’s family business by “wrestling” on the local circuit. Fighting for acceptance and unity they try to preserve the only stability they’ve ever known. As their third rate wrestling promoter Benny tells them “You’re the best losers I have. “ They set out to prove him wrong not by going from wrestling “heels” to “heroes” but by saving their family’s one of a kind BBQ restaurant that closed it’s doors after a family tragedy.
540928 Struggling In his freshman year of college Brandon tries to focus intently on his studies but keeps coming to the same conclusion: dance is his passion. His geeky roommate Nate proposes they start a dance crew but their search for other freestyle dancers proves fruitless. So they expand their search across town finding a break-dancer a performance artist a Bhangra dancer an animator a ballerina and a ballroom dance mom willing to join the new crew. A national dance battle headlined by Brandon's previous crew Levelz provides the first opportunity for Brandon to prove to himself and his family that he and his crew have what it takes to make it as dancers.
540980 Jesse is approaching her 15th birthday and the only gift she desires is a horse. Unbeknownst to Jesse her mother Brandy is in the throes of a cancer diagnosis which has Jesse's father jumping through unexpected obstacles.  He signs Jesse up for summer camp but when summer camp falls through he decides to have her stay with her estranged grandfather an old gruff horse trainer named Gauff. Gauff still recovering from the death of a special horse named Grace now faces the challenges of teen negotiation. Gauff finds he must swallow his pride and ask his daughter Brandy for forgiveness.
"541205 The H.P. Lovecraft Film Festival® in Portland OR has been the vanguard of Weird independent filmmaking for more than 20 years. Now you can attend in spirit with this selection of short films from the 21st Annual festival in 2016! Including ""Speaking in Tongues"" by Thomas Nicol ""Vardųger"" by Ludovic de Gaillande ""Poetry & The Gods"" by Louis Rossignol ""Tale of Wingate's Journal"" by Jeremy Peterson ""Zerch"" by Xavier Velasco ""The Call of Charlie"" by Nick Spooner ""The Bone Garden"" by Monsieur Soeur ""Hypnos"" by Juho Aittanen ""The Package"" by Eric Morgret ""An Eldritch Place"" by Julien Jauniaux + Bonus Music Video."
"541208 The H.P. Lovecraft Film Festival® in Portland OR has been the vanguard of independent horror filmmaking with a cosmic or Weird twist for more than 20 years. Now you can attend in spirit with this selection of short films from the 22nd Annual festival in 2017! Including ""Eldritch Code"" (Sweden) dir. Ivan Radovic ""There is No Door"" (USA) dir. Ward Crockett ""Mary and Marsha in The Manor of Madness"" (US) dir. Kris Theorin ""Wattmarck"" (Austria) dir. Lorenz Tröbinger - inspired by The Music of Erich Zann ""The Transition of Juan Romero"" (USA) dir. Whitney Ellis - based on the Lovecraft story ""Leviathan"" (Peru) dir. Erik Woolcott ""The Doom That Came To Sarnath"" (UK) dir. Nael Ali""Sound From The Deep"" (Finland) dir. Joonas Allonen and Antti Laakso - inspired by ""At The Mountains of Madness"" + Bonus Music Video"
541541 Based on true events Ellen tells of the troubled relationship between a mother and her drug-addicted son - a relationship that will eventually drive her to the edge and lead to his murder. In 2007 the death of 20 year old Abie Pakkies created a stir in South Africa and the world. The most disturbing part of the case was that the murderer was his mother Ellen. When advocate Adrian Samuels takes on the case he is determined to prove that Ellen Pakkies had no choice. But what compelled her to stop seeking help? How does a mother become desperate enough to take her own son's life? Told across two timelines Ellen is the harrowing account of a woman put through the penal system tried for murder and driven by an unflinching love for her son. It delves into the inner psyche of a family ravaged by drugs in one of the most dangerous communities in South Africa. A scourge that extends beyond the Cape Flats and highlights a systematic failure to protect the poorest of the poor.
541620 As over 6000 immaculately dressed military re-enactors men and women gather for the 200th anniversary of the epic Battle of Waterloo some of them representing real individuals from the time whether ‘humble foot-soldiers’ ‘officers’ or the great ‘Marshal Ney.’ who is unfortunately less adapt at horsemanship than the original the real battle is taking place elsewhere: American Mark Schneider considered the best Napoleon in the business vs. Frenchman Frank Samson uniform-maker extraordinaire as to who will be Emperor on the day. There was only one Napoleon there can be only one Napoleon but the Belgians are in charge unrest is growing in the ranks there is an outstanding prison sentence to be served an unpaid bill for parking to which the ‘Empress Josephine’ also has something to say and as to who meets their Waterloo first you’ll just have to watch.
541630 When Bach was in the service of Prince Leopold in Coethen he had his own orchestra and was contracted to compose a great deal of instrumental music. This gave him an opportunity to try new techniques and to develop his own instrumental style. The six Brandenburg Concertos belongs to these masterpieces for a small ensemble. This joyously infectious performance of these famous landmarks in the history of music by the Freiburg Baroque Orchestra demonstrates both the musical satisfaction and the high professional standard that can be reached with period instruments.  The performance was given in the Bach Anniversary Year 2000 – 250 years after his death – in the elegant Hall of Mirrors at Coethen Castle.  The Freiburg Baroque Orchestra’s members all have virtuoso skills. They take the spotlight gracefully for solos but also play with the true ensemble spirit required by the music. Their decision to perform without a conductor revives an eighteenth century practice.
541693 Hosted by NBC News investigative journalist Stephanie Gosk this brand new two-hour special will offer an intimate look into the life of Joe DeAngelo the suspect in custody through new and exclusive interviews from those who were closest to him and offering a gripping depiction of the prime suspect in a decades-long manhunt. To his family friends and former colleagues DeAngelo lived the life of the classic “average Joe” - a father grandfather veteran and even former police officer. DeAngelo now stands accused of being the man behind one of the most ruthlessly enduring crime sprees of all time and is believed to have raped more than 45 women and murdered at least 12 people. He is currently charged with 12 counts of first degree murder and has so far not entered a plea. Joining Gosk is Bay Area detective Paul Holes who helped search for the Golden State Killer for nearly a quarter-century and played a key role in the arrest of Joe DeAngelo.
541827 Take a tip or two from the masters of cooking as host Martha Stewart invites a variety of top chefs into her kitchen to whip-up a delectable array of tasty treats in this release that covers the gamut of international cuisine. It's a culinary world tour as Stewart is joined by chef Bobby Flay for such American fare as oven-roasted ribs Mario Batali for the old-Italian standard spaghetti alla Carbonera Daniel Boulud for the French favorite Cote de Bouef Jose Hurtado for some tasty Mexican calamari and Eileen Yin-Fei Lo for some truly picture-perfect pork buns. With all this and much much more home viewers will finally have a chance to learn from the best as they create masterful meals that the whole family will enjoy.
542423 Set in South Africa's rural Great-Karoo region in the 1950s this epic existential-adventure film chronicles the exploits of the outlaw John Kepe and the various individuals his escapades affected. This Robin-Hoodesque figure would steal primarily livestock from the white settler farmers terrorizing them for over a decade. Led by the hardliner General Botha a mammoth manhunt ensues in the very mountain where Kepe was rumored to occupy a Noah's Ark like cave. This spectacle ingratiated Kepe in the hearts of the marginalized indigenous-population who turn Kepe's miscreant deeds into the stuff of legend making him a threat to the very fabric of the colonial society. Sew the Winter to my Skin is a thrilling operatic ride into the heart of Pre-Apartheid South Africa and is a visceral exploration of the effects of the colonial displacement that sewed the seeds for one of the most viciously racist political regimes in history.
542602 It’s just weeks before Christmas when Ellie gets a call to return home to help her father on the family’s poinsettia farm. The family business is on the line to deliver tens of thousands of plants for the town’s annual parade. The problem is — the poinsettias have yet to turn red! As Ellie searches for the solution she is reminded of where her heart truly lies as she falls in love with both her roots and a local botanist.
542994 Two women. One white. The other black. Society mandated they be enemies. The gospel of Jesus Christ required they be friends. On the eve of the death of Joseph Smith his widow Emma is on the brink of destruction. In order to stand with her friend in her darkest hour one woman Jane Manning will need to hear the voice of God once more. Can she hear His voice again? And if so can she find the strength to abide it?
543338 Natalie the owner of a San Francisco food truck business selling cupcakes and Eric a finance manager and divorced dad are brought together when Eric’s aunt also a longtime customer of Natalie’s passes away and leaves them a building which happens to be the site of a once-famous bakery. Forced into this new partnership they discover selling the building won’t be easy because it has been declared a historical site. Romance blooms as they spend time together in the process of renovating the old bakery. However Natalie’s desire to keep things strictly business could put an end to the partnership before the grand opening.
543485 Recorded live in June 2017 at the magnificent Liceu Theatre in Barcelona this DVD is the companion to Joyce DiDonato’s award-winning album In War and Peace: Harmony through Music. Seeking answers to the existential question “In the midst of chaos how do you find peace?” it makes a compelling piece of music theatre as DiDonato journeys through arias by Handel Purcell Monteverdi Leo and Jommelli with Il Pomo d’Oro and conductor Maxim Emelyanychev. On stage In War and Peace: Harmony through Music makes a compelling piece of music theatre. In Barcelona as on the European and North American tours she made in late 2016 DiDonato was joined by the baroque orchestra Il Pomo d’Oro and its principal conductor Maxim Emelyanychev. May and June 2018 bring further performances in Portugal France Germany Turkey and Hungary.
543642 In 1999 Aaron Baker broke his neck in a motocross accident leaving him completely paralyzed from the neck down. Despite doctor's grim prognosis over the next 16 years Aaron decided not to listen to those who said 'he had a million-to-one odds of ever feeding himself again' and instead through painstaking effort endeavored to regain as much mobility as possible. This journey through the unknown took him from the depths of depression to the joys of cross country road tripping via tandem bicycle with his mother and friends and finally culminated in his opening a socially conscious low cost gym focused on increasing mobility for the disabled. Now in Coming To My Senses we watch as Aaron takes one final journey which symbolizes his recovery: to cross a 20 mile tract of Death Valley unsupported on foot. But will he make it?
543705 Composer Nico Muhly unveils his second new opera for the Met with this gripping reimagining of Winston Graham’s novel set in the 1950s about a beautiful mysterious young woman who assumes multiple identities. Director Michael Mayer and his creative team have devised a fast-moving cinematic world for this exhilarating story of denial and deceit which also inspired a film by Alfred Hitchcock. Mezzo-soprano Isabel Leonard sings the enigmatic Marnie and baritone Christopher Maltman is the man who pursues her—with disastrous results. Robert Spano conducts.
543868 FORCED SURVIVAL: A teenage girl enters a motel room to commit suicide only to find a serial killer/rapist waiting for her. THE CALL GIRL: Two drugged out siblings decided to kill a Call Girl just for the thrill of it. But when the girl returns from the grave to haunt them they turn on each other. THE BOYFRIEND KILLERS: 3 girls decide to kill off a cheating boyfriend. LESSER OF TWO EVILS: A man is held captive by a girl looking for revenge. But is he guilty or is she crazy? DIARY OF A BLACK WIDOW: A teenage serial killer recounts her exploits and the day she finally met her match.
543889 Maura Mackenzie believes the world is hers to conquer. With her career as a concert pianist gaining momentum it seems her beauty and talent will be strong enough to mask the demons that threaten to engulf her. But with an absent husband and two young daughters at home her precarious sanity begins to unravel until one summer day burning with manic energy she makes a terrible mistake — a mistake that will change her life forever. The consequences for Maura are catastrophic: her ambitious husband runs for his life taking the children with him leaving Maura to lapse into a full-scale breakdown. Life as she knew it is now over. With the help of her father Ian Maura works to reclaim her life and waits for a miracle to bring her daughters home. But when the fates align can the past be forgiven?
544300 Before Fifty Shades of Grey and beyond the limits of desire Nucleus Films draw back the veil on Fifty Shades of Erotica.  Now in the privacy of your own home and as a consenting adult you can succumb to trailers from carnal classics like The Libertine Story of O Venus In Furs Cruel Passion Gwendoline Education Anglaise Dressage and many many more as you enter the timeless world of fetishistic fantasy deviant desires and pulsating pleasure!  Submit yourself to the salacious sensations and cruel caresses of this mind-blowing collection of curated carnality the rare and raunchy re-mastered from the finest available materials. So lie back relax and prepare to enter the sensual world of Fifty Shades of Erotica...
545105 Following celebrated productions of Prokofiev's 'Semyon Kotko' and Shchedrin's 'The Left-Hander' Valery Gergiev continues his survey of uniquely Russian works with 'The Golden Cockerel' Rimsky-Korsakov s final and arguably most mysterious opera. This vibrant new production mixes live action with CGI and is the vision of Anna Matison an acclaimed playwright script-writer film director and producer. 'The Golden Cockerel' was Matison s directorial debut with the Mariinsky and saw her also take on the roles of production and costume designer. The melodious nature beauty and leitmotifs of the plot are underscored by the production designs; the opera uses pantomime and masquerades while the sets utilised 3D video projections.
545529 Although the free jazz movement of the 1960s and '70s was much maligned in some jazz circles its pioneers - brilliant talents like Ornette Coleman Cecil Taylor Sun Ra Albert Ayler and John Coltrane - are today acknowledged as central to the evolution of jazz as America's most innovative art form. FIRE MUSIC showcases the architects of a movement whose radical brand of improvisation pushed harmonic and rhythmic boundaries and produced landmark albums like Coleman's Free Jazz: A Collective Inspiration and Coltrane's Ascension. A rich trove of archival footage conjures the 1960s jazz scene along with incisive reflections by critic Gary Giddins and a number of the movement's key players.
545546 On the day before Mother's Day 1993 Colin and Wendy Parry's lives are torn apart when their youngest son Tim is killed in a terrorist attack by the IRA in Warrington's town centre. The attack shocks ordinary people on both sides of the Irish Sea.  Sue McHugh an unassuming and normally shy Dublin housewife is deeply affected by the tragedy. Spurred into action by the events in Warrington and the hope that she can make a difference Sue urges people across Ireland to demonstrate that the killings on all sides must stop. But has Sue underestimated the challenge of brokering peace in a community that has known only conflict?  As the grieving Parrys search desperately for answers to their son's senseless killing they form an alliance with Sue her husband Arthur and her Peace '93 movement travelling to Dublin in a bid to bring about peace and ensure Tim's enduring legacy is one of hope and tolerance. Based on real events.
545817 To mark the centenary of Benjamin Britten's birth Britten’s Endgame explores the composer's creativity in the face of death.  Those closest to him watched anxiously as he raced to complete his final opera Death in Venice in defiance of medical advice tackling an edgy subject with many resonances in his own life.  His eventual heart operation left him incapacitated and prematurely old and frail yet somehow he rediscovered his creative urge to produce two late masterpieces. This is a rich and poignant film about Britten’s final years and the impact of what Peter Pears called 'an evil opera'.
"546034 On December 21 2002 DMB fans were treated to one of the most exciting collaborations in the band's history - James Brown and members of his Soul Generals joined Dave Matthews Band and members of Karl Denson’s Tiny Universe for Brown’s classic “Get Up (I Feel Like Being A) Sex Machine.” This incredible guest appearance shows Brown trading dance moves with Dave and concludes an epic 25-minute funk session of ""So Much To Say > Anyone Seen the Bridge? > Too Much > Get Up.” While an obvious highlight of the evening it is not the only one. “Seek Up” features superb performances from both LeRoi Moore and Butch Taylor while the evening’s momentous encore of “Halloween > Ants Marching” could not have closed out a multi-night sold out run at NYC’s preeminent Madison Square Garden in better fashion."
546216 FULLSTERKUR is the third documentary in a collection of films produced by Rogue Fitness exploring strength culture around the world connected specifically by the ancient tradition of stone lifting.  Nestled at the doorstep of the Arctic Circle the country of Iceland is uniquely acquainted with the relationship between strength and survival. For hundreds of years men and women were challenged to overcome harsh weather and endless winter nights by developing their own distinct physical and mental fortitude—passed down from the age of the Vikings and iconically represented by the lifting of heavy stones. Today on an island with a population of just over 300000 a disproportionate number of the world’s greatest strength athletes still call Iceland home.
546249 When Sardinian-Australian Lisa Camillo an anthropologist and film director returns to Sardinia an island of Italy after a 18 year absence in Australia to her horror she finds her large chunks of her homeland decimated by mysterious bombs.  On her journey she uncovers secret NATO bombing ranges that have been having devastating consequences on the local human and animal population setting her on a journey to expose the truth join the islanders’ fight to reclaim their land and livelihoods and in doing so learning about herself and her roots.
546291 In March of 2018 Steven Wilson played a sell-out three night residency at one of the world's most iconic venues: London's Royal Albert Hall. Coming at the tail end of a lengthy European tour these concerts were the crowning achievement of an incredible seven-month period that began with the release of Wilson's fifth album To The Bone. This release is put together from footage filmed on the final night of that run. Multiple cameras from every conceivable angle in the auditorium and on the stage and the sound has been specially mixed by Steven in both 5.1 surround sound and stereo.
546328 At the end of WWII Hitler ordered operation Scarecrow to a small SS outpost in the Seelow Heights of Germany. Nobody knew of the existence of this clandestine operation until 70 years later when FBI agent John Fox runs across a vilgiante known as the Red Wolf. After killing the Red Wolf Agent Fox learned the shocking secret of operation Scarecrow. Fox then travels to Germany and meets Pastor Gabriel who unites Fox with a group of outlaws stuck on an SS outpost fighting the remnant Scarecrows of the Third Reich. Only they can save the world from this new evil that if undefeated could bring about a 4th Reich.  —Timothy Scott Wimer Jr
546339 It was a night when the legends played when English Blues met Chicago & Memphis Blues and something magical happened.  One hot night in June 1982 at New Jersey's Capitol Theater John Mayall and the Bluesbreakers featuring Mick Taylor (Rolling Stones) on lead guitar John McVie (Fleetwood Mac) on bass and Colin Allen (of Rod Stewart's band) on drums paid homage to and were joined by five blues immortals: Albert King Etta James Buddy Guy Junior Wells and the 83-year-old Sippie Wallace. Each of the blues greats was backed by the Bluesbreakers resulting in some amazing musical moments. Awesome is the only word to describe the guitar jams among Albert King Buddy Guy and Mick Taylor.  New audiences can enjoy every moment of greatness from that special night when the Bluesbreakers were joined by the blues makers. The night the legends came out to play.
547007 Some nights are just pure magic!  In October of 2017 hard rock titans Alter Bridge took to the stage of the iconic Royal Albert Hall in London for two very special headline shows.  Myles Kennedy Mark Tremonti Brian Marshall and Scott Phillips treated the capacity crowds to selections from their entire musical catalog.  The set list included some of the band’s biggest hits; rarities and even a few songs the band had never previously performed live.  Adding another career first for the band Alter Bridge was joined on stage by conductor Simon Dobson and the 52-piece Parallax Orchestra.  Together everyone on stage during those two extraordinary nights treated the combined crowd of over 10000 fans to an unforgettable music experience.  Now those two performances have been combined in to one full length epic concert that is to be shared with fans around the globe in  Alter Bridge: Live At The Royal Albert Hall.
547217 Home Street Home a new musical will play an 11-performance run between February 20 – March 7 2015 at Z Space located in the Mission District  in San Francisco the producers announced today.  Home  Street Home  features music  by punk legend Fat Mike (NOFX) lyrics by Fat Mike Jeff Marx (Tony Award® winner Avenue Q)  & Goddess Soma (AVN Award winning writer/director) and book by Goddess Soma & Fat Mike. Richard Israel (LA Drama Critics Circle Career Achievement Award winner) will direct.
547969 UFC Hits: Volume 1 highlights many of the Ultimate Fighting Championships greatest and most notorious fights from the UFC's early days. See where it all began with clips of the best fights featuring original MMA stars some who are now in the UFC Hall of Fame like Don Frye and Randy Couture Royce Gracie and Kimo John Hess and Andy Anderson Tito Ortiz and Guy Mesger. This highlight reel has enough knockouts and submissions to keep any MMA fan entertained.
548757 The children in a religious family clash with their parents as they prepare for the wake of their brother Mitchel. Teenage Mason desperately tries to reach his lost identical twin through spiritual means. Precocious preteen Molly meticulously organizes the event expecting everything to go exactly as planned. Megan their older sister returns home after a long absence no longer interested in repressing the truth. Their Baptist grandmother and parents attempt to maintain normalcy when an unexpected stranger Jameson arrives -- forcing the family to face secrets and lies around Mitchel's death.
548780 American Alley traces the lives of Korean and immigrant women who provide sexual services to U.S. military personnel stationed near the camptown area called “American Alley” in South Korea. The film depicts the changing landscape of camptown life and sexualized labor as women from Russia and the Philippines replace Korean women as entertainers in GI clubs. The documentary skillfully situates these changes in the context of U.S.–South Korean relations and new gender and racial politics in South Korea. (via cinema.indiana.edu)
"548879 Five hundred miles north of Vancouver is Kitamaat an Indian reservation in the homeland of the Haisla people. Growing up a tough wild tomboy swimming fighting and fishing in a remote village where the land slips into the green ocean on the edge of the world Lisamarie has always been different.  Visited by ghosts and shapeshifters tormented by premonitions she can't escape the sense that something terrible is waiting for her. She recounts her enchanted yet scarred life as she journeys in her speedboat up the frigid waters of the Douglas Channel. She is searching for her brother dead by drowning and in her own way running as fast as she can toward danger. Circling her brother's tragic death are the remarkable characters that make up her family: Lisamarie's parents struggling to join their Haisla heritage with Western ways; Uncle Mick a Native rights activist and devoted Elvis fan; and the headstrong Ma-ma-oo (Haisla for ""grandmother"") a guardian of tradition."
549304 When Miranda Chester sets off to find information on her biological father two Christmases ago she never imagined her investigation would lead her to both the love of her life Ian McAndrick and the family she had always longed for including Margaret Whitcomb and half-brother Peter Whitcomb. After her romantic engagement last Christmas Miranda prepares for a Christmas wedding surrounded by this new family. While Miranda finalizes the details of her big day Margaret forges a surprising romance with a friend from the past. Miranda’s wedding plans are quickly complicated when a mysterious visitor who claims to have ties to her late parents reaches out to her just days before her wedding. As Miranda’s wedding approaches she must decide if she wants to spend one of the most momentous days of her life with this new family connection and must carefully navigate the first steps into the next chapter of her life with Ian.
549319 Christmas is fast approaching and years of long workdays employed at New York’s top corporate law firm are about to pay off now that Lucy Toomey will be made partner after the New Year. However when Alice her older sister with special needs unexpectedly passes away Lucy returns back to Nilson’s Bay Wis. to attend the funeral and handle her estate. While Lucy dreads returning to her childhood home she also feels real sorrow that she was too busy to take her sister’s last call. Once back in Nilson’s Bay Lucy meets Peter her old high school sweetheart and Alice’s former attorney who informs her of the terms of Alice’s eccentric will that states in order for Lucy to inherit the family home she must live there for 30 days through the holidays.
549321 Three legends in the world of wine—Fred Dame Steven Spurrier and Jancis Robinson—sit down in Paris to taste the rarest bottles of their careers. Dustin Wilson gathers the greatest blind tasters of today in New York City for a secret tasting similar to the original Judgment of Paris with the goal to see if any of the world’s Pinot Noirs can stand up to the greatest Burgundies of France. In the end both tastings cross with results that could change the world of wine forever.
550032 Heidi who initially left her small town of Pleasant Valley with the dream of one day becoming a successful painter has put her own art on hold to excel as an art gallery curator. Now a week before the gallery’s big Christmas party she must return home to watch her niece and nephew. She comes face to face with her high school love Chris now a teacher and offers to help him find a new last-minute location for the Christmas dance.
550073 Sydney Ragsdale recently divorced decides to spend Christmas in a house she inherited with her young daughter. As Sydney begins to spend more time at the local bookstore she meets a teacher Mac who also fills in for the town Santa. Mac tries to make Christmas wishes come true and this year Sydney is at the top of his ‘nice’ list. As a new opportunity with the bookstore unfolds Mac helps Sydney open herself up to life love and believing in the spirit of Christmas again.
550075 Resort developer Madison Lane is tasked with finding a location for a new ski resort. Her boss tells her to take a trip to Christmas Colorado to consider the location. On her way into town Madison has a minor fender-bender with the town’s welcome sign. Town Sheriff Gage McBride gives Madison a ride into town so she can attend her meeting with the mayor while the car is towed and repaired. Little does Madison know that the town is on a mission to convince Madison that Christmas is the best place for the new ski resort.
550079 Zoey Hathaway has been working towards her lifelong goal of being a pilot for years but everything is thrown off-course when she unexpectedly inherits a reindeer farm along with the dangerously handsome ranch hand Alec Wynn. Now buried in taking care of reindeer and all the Christmas responsibilities Zoey thinks life has delivered her a strange and cumbersome blow and she isn’t sure about Alec who has his own ideas how best to run things. Alec who has never had many people have faith in him opens up when Zoey invests trust in him and the two find themselves falling for each other. Could they both find happiness in the most unlikely of circumstances right before Christmas?
"550600 The Mayo Clinic tells the story of a unique medical institution that has been called a ""Medical Mecca"" the ""Supreme Court of Medicine"" and the ""place for hope where there is no hope."" The Mayo Clinic began in 1883 as an unlikely partnership between the Sisters of Saint Francis and a country doctor named William Worrall Mayo after a devastating tornado in rural Minnesota. Since then it has grown into an organization that treats more than a million patients a year from all 50 states and 150 countries. Dr. Mayo had a simple philosophy he imparted to his sons Will and Charlie: ""the needs of the patient come first."" They wouldn't treat diseases...they would treat people. In a world where healthcare delivery is typically fragmented among individual specialties the Mayo Clinic practices a multi-specialty team-based approach that has from its beginnings created a culture that thrives on collaboration."
550648 Following an unexpected breakup weeks before Christmas Hannah tech wiz and creator of the dating app Perfect One heads home for the holidays challenged to save her failing business by re-conceiving a new romantic dating model. Upon her return she runs into her high school boyfriend Sam who she has carefully avoided for years and reluctantly makes a deal with her dad to sign up for the town’s Christmas Cupid an anonymous holiday pen pal service. As the season progresses Hannah is smitten by each beautifully written letter she receives and starts to believe that her Christmas pen pal could be her soul mate.
550649 When Holly returns home for Christmas expecting the same as any other year she’s blindsided to learn her family’s department store is on the brink of foreclosure. To keep the business going Holly fills in as Santa’s Helper and meets the surprisingly young and handsome Nick who has been hired to play Santa at the store this year. Their undeniable chemistry and charisma draw in big crowds until suddenly Nick disappears. As Christmas day inches closer Holly scrambles to find Nick with only one clue – his misplaced black boot.
550655 It’s Jolie’s first time going back home to Louisiana since her devastating break-up with Foster Burke. Seeing him is inevitable as their parents run the town’s annual Christmas Market together but when she discovers Foster is bringing home a new girlfriend Jolie cannot bear the thought of going home alone and seeing them together. Her best friend Naomi suggests that Jolie bring her flaky brother Jack home for Christmas as he has no plans this year. Jolie a professional web designer is hesitant; so Naomi a lawyer creates a Christmas contract to give them both something they want—a buffer for those awkward moments around Jolie’s ex and a website to help sell Jack’s upcoming novel. Unbeknownst to them the Christmas contract proves to be so much more than what they signed up for.
550986 A dangerous idea has threatened the American Dream from the beginning - the belief that some groups and individuals are inherently superior to others and more deserving of fundamental rights. Such biological determinism provided an excuse for some of America's most shameful history. And now it's back. This documentary reveals how biologically determined politics has disenfranchised women and people of color provided a rationale for state sanctioned crimes committed against America's most vulnerable citizens and now gains new traction under the Trump administration.
551362 Troubled youth: Avoiding teenage pitfalls isn't easy--especially for Beavis and Butt-head. In this show you can witness the distress duo at their best ... and worst. Whether battling male hygiene and anatomy problems faking a worker's compensation claim encountering a substitute teacher or simply trying to rid the house of a common fly once again it's clear Beavis and Butt-head are bad apples ... not bad ass. Feel our pain: See Beavis wince. See Butt-Head choke. See their agony and laugh until you ache! Watch the trouble-prone twosome suffer from their own stupidity. Witness Beavis being attacked by his own dog Butt-head getting fried by a lightning bolt and their teacher hurtling down a steep cliff. Enter the twisted world of MTV's Beavis and Butt-head where one man's pain is another man's pleasure.
551370 Innocence lost: Beavis and Butt-head are becoming men. Maybe. Now you can watch in horror as the innocence of youth gets kicked in the nads when Beavis and Butt-Head get sent back to kindergarten learn to drive and try to save a wounded bird. For Beavis and Butt-Head growing up is hard! Chicks n'stuff: A compilation of episodes about babes and two pubescent animated morons who love them just a little too much. Join the boys as they visit a nudist colony call a 1-900 number dream about being cool and check out a video dating service.
551372 Butt-o-ween: 'Tis the season for terrorizing your neighbors. And these classic Beavis and Butt-Head episodes have tricks and treats so sweet you'll get a stomachache. The hapless mischief-makers dress up for Halloween hang out with a psychopathic murderer screw up lame pranks and go door to door selling candy. Beavis and Butt-Head do Christmas: 'Tis the season to be cool as Beavis and Butt-Head star in their own twisted versions of two holiday classics. The Ghosts of Christmas past present and future struggle to teach a Scrooge-like Beavis the true meaning of Christmas while Charlie the Angel comes down from heaven to show Butt-Head how much better life would be without him. Will Beavis and Butt-Head learn their lesson? Does a snowflake have a chance in hell?
551517 Seduced by the instant rewards of criminal activity LEO ROBERTS (Anthony Welsh) enters the shadowy underground world of strip clubs saunas drugs and prostitution. Blinded by the potential power and prestige Leo is convinced he is in control only to realise that he has to start playing by a different set of rules. The rules set by crime boss ILIR DUKA (Mem Ferda). Leo's chosen path soon spirals out of control where the stakes keep getting higher and higher until there is no turning back.
551603 With the holiday season in full swing Jen Taylor is about to score a big promotion at the San Francisco ad agency where she works. But her life is unexpectedly turned upside down when she inherits a cozy inn in Alaska from her aunt. When she goes to inspect the property and meets handsome town attorney Steve Anderson she's surprised to find that nothing is what she expected. The small town community is full of fun and festive Christmas traditions and soon Jen starts wondering if the inn might just be the place she belongs and if Steve could be the Mr. Right she has been waiting for.
551701 When Elle Bennet decides to reunite her college friends for a special Christmas celebration her plans are thwarted by an opportunity at work she can’t pass up -- spearheading a Christmas campaign relaunch to prove she’s ready for a career-altering promotion. Much to her surprise she’s forced to team up with advertising campaign 'fixer' Max who has a completely different take on the Holidays. But as Elle and Max work together and learn more about each other’s Christmas traditions they unexpectedly find themselves falling for each other. With the help of a little Christmas magic will Elle pull off the perfect Christmas reunion and find the love she’s been searching for?
551751 Bravo Chef: Italian Cuisine (2009)  September 29th 2009. Belmundo Entertainment. 84 Minutes.  See the top chefs right at work! Working side-by-side with a top chef is a shortcut to mastering special tricks and techniques.  A straightforward and hands-on approach renders lengthy and boring explanations unnecessary.  A modern approach to the most sacred national dishes lets you master them without fear.  The chefs don't hesitate to show you their treasured techniques they understand that sharing a secret with a kindred spirit is a joy!  Recipes included:  1 - Tuscan Cantucci Biscuits.  2 - Gnocchi with Wild Mushrooms and Shellfish.  3 - Lasagna with Bolognese Sauce.  4 - Ravioli with Creamy Parmesan Filling and Beef Tartare.  5 - Seafood Risotto.  6 - Spaghetti Aglio Olio Peperoncino with Tuna Tartare.  7 - Tiramisu with Amaretti Biscuits.  8 - Tuna in Breadcrumbs with a Mixed Leaf Salad.  9 - Vitello Tonnato.
551809 A powerful and inspirational story of dedication danger fear and the rare ‘will’ some of us have to defy all personal limitations.  Experience the fastest motorsport on earth through the eyes of five-time champion Scott Dixon and the Chip Ganassi Racing team. Filmed with an access all areas lens ‘Born Racer’ follows the people who are passionate about the world of auto racing and asks why some individuals feel compelled to face danger and risk their lives in order to win.  Both action-packed and highly-intimate it features an intense blend of up close and personal filming with never-before-seen spectacular cutting-edge racing footage to explore a sport that defines the very people who inhabit it and pushes them to the edge in their desire for success.
551831 Sometimes it can feel like the environmental economic and social issues the world is currently facing are too big too overwhelming to be dealt with by individuals. Climate change resource limits economic downturn social disconnection. Surely these issues can only be properly managed by our governments?  Living the Change explores solutions to the global crises we face today – solutions any one of us can be part of – through the inspiring stories of people pioneering change in their own lives and in their communities in order to live in a sustainable and regenerative way.
551863 Captain Grace Garland a decorated U.S. veteran returns home after two tours of Search and Rescue in Afghanistan. After being separated from her beloved K9 partner Grace must rediscover the magic of Christmas. When she finds herself stranded in the town of River’s Crossing a couple weeks before Christmas the local judge Joe Peterson offers her a place to stay on his property and takes it upon himself to show Grace everything she has been missing; Christmas family community and love.
551950 In a unique science experiment Dr George McGavin and Dr Zoe Laughlin chronicle the history of rubbish and explore how what we throw away tells us about the way we live our lives. With unprecedented access to one of the UK's largest landfill sites the team of experts spend three days carrying out tests all over the site revealing the secret world of rubbish. They also carry out three other 'archaeological' digs into historic landfills to chart the evolution of our throwaway society. Ultimately their quest is to discover whether the items we throw away today have any value for tomorrow's world.
552011 Every year Isabelle (Tatyana Ali) and her high school sweetheart Mike (Cornelius Smith Jr.) rocked their small town’s annual Christmas Eve Pageant with a sweet Christmas duet. But after graduation Isabelle left to study at Juillard in New York – leaving Mike behind. Years later when Isabelle returns to her hometown to write music for the annual Christmas Eve Pageant she is shocked to learn that Mike is the one directing the show. Can Isabelle and Mike put the past behind them and reunite on stage for another show-stopping duet?
552012 Can best friends fall in love? That’s the question next door neighbors Sadie and Ben will answer as they keep the spirit of Christmas and the magic of their childhood pact alive! When they were eight years old they planted a scrawny 3-foot tall Christmas tree behind their church and the Christmas Pact began. But as life gets in the way the pact is threatened to be broken. Ben and Sadie need some Christmas Magic to recommit to each other and promise to keep their special holiday traditions. With each Christmas that passes by Ben and Sadie’s Christmas tree grows taller and stronger; and so does their love. The pact bearing fruit to the magic of Christmas and the undeniable answer. Yes friends can fall in love!
552016 Allison Bennet along with her daughter Olivia and mother Martha run a bakery in the small mountain town of White Pines Tennessee. When Matthew a charming real estate developer tries to buy the town for a corporate ski resort Allison and the townspeople must work together to prevent that from happening. And just when the Bennet ladies seem out of luck an unexpected visitor – with a well-known sweet tooth for cookies and milk – comes to the bakery and may in fact be the key to solving everything.
552017 Claire (Alexandra Breckenridge) a savvy venture capitalist from New York City escapes to a quaint town in Vermont for the holidays and becomes a guest of the Fortenbury Bookstore. Upon arrival Claire finds Christmas celebrations have been canceled by the town after a flood and the bookstore is in a dire state of disrepair. She immediately takes on the challenge to revitalize the store but clashes with the owner Andrew (Jamie Spilchuk) who initially rejects all her proposed improvements. Eventually sparks fly as the two begin a budding romance and Claire’s infectious optimism inspires Andrew to join her in reviving the yuletide spirit. But everything comes to a screeching halt when Claire discovers that Andrew is planning to sell the bookstore in the New Year. Will the spirit of Christmas be enough to change Andrew’s mind and encourage him to follow his heart?
552161 When art gallery assistant Kate Miller meets the heir to a run-down estate she stumbles upon a previously undiscovered masterpiece and finds herself thrust into the high-stakes auction world of priceless art. But those high-stakes turn deadly when the painting's integrity and authenticity come into question. Kate and the gallery soon discover they're caught in the middle of a million-dollar conspiracy. As the auction date closes in Kate finds herself in mortal danger when a desperate stalker will stop at nothing to keep the truth from coming to light.
552775 Live concert recorded October 5 2018 in Austin TX. McCartney and his band perform A Hard Day's Night Hi! Hi! Hi! Can't Buy Me Love Letting Go Come on to Me Let Me Roll It I've Got a Feeling My Valentine Nineteen Hundred and Eighty-Five Maybe I'm Amazed I've Just Seen a Face In Spite of All the Danger From Me to You Love Me Do Blackbird Here Today Lady Madonna Fuh You Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite! Something Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da Band on the Run Back in the U.S.S.R. Let it Be Live and Let Die Hey Jude Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (reprise) Helter Skelter Golden Slumbers Carry That Weight and The End.
553076 On a peaceful October day a college team and their coaches depart on a three day journey to a national championship. From the start strange things happen on their creaky rented bus. Just after midnight on the third day they hit something on the road. For the next six hours in the dead of night thirteen people face their ultimate terror. Trapped and isolated they must recruit all their strength and courage and find every available resource to destroy these mysterious predators. What do they want? Who do they want? It's a fight for survival In the Still of the Night.
553298 Simply Red headlined the annual Symphonica in Rosso music event in Holland on 25 26 27 October 2017. Mick Hucknall brought some of his best-loved songs to be accompanied by a 40-piece symphony orchestra. The spectacular red setting and famously good sound & lighting that the show employs promised to make this a truly memorable show.  Without doubt Mick Hucknall is one of the country’s most gifted singers with a voice like no other. His band Simply Red have had an incredible career so far with 5 UK number one albums and selling over 60 million albums.  ‘Symphonica In Rosso’ is an annual event in Holland where a prestigious artist is invited to perform over three nights with a full orchestra with Simply Red’s 2017 series marking its 10th anniversary. Previous artists to play ‘Symphonica In Rosso’ include Diana Ross Sting and Lionel Ritchie.
553549 The music of psychedelic mind-bender Frank Zappa lives on thanks to his son. Fronting the foremost Zappa tribute band guitarist Dweezil Zappa spent three years studying the intricate music and physical performances of his father's legacy emerging as a fully-fledged artist in his own right. In association with the Zappa Family Trust the show has become the closest thing to Zappa Senior in style and sound.  Taking up the musical reigns of a musical chameleon like Frank Zappa is no mean feat for his staggering creative output ranged from the complexities of progressive rock to avant garde jazz tinged with wry political and social commentaries. Yet Zappa Plays Zappa is no mere tribute band. Backed by a stellar crew of musicians including some of Frank's original line-up Dweezil channels the weird wizardry so perfectly it's as if his father never left this earthly plane.
553785 Bellator 207: Mitrione vs. Bader took place on October 12 2018 at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville Connecticut. The event was live on Paramount Network.  The event saw a semi-final round bout in the Bellator Heavyweight Grand Prix as Matt Mitrione takes on current Bellator Light Heavyweight Champion Ryan Bader.  Erick Silva was expected to make his promotional debut at this event facing Lorenz Larkin in a Welterweight World Grand Prix alternate bout but Silva pulled out due to injury. He was replaced by the Romanian fighter Ion Pascu.
553798 Emma Reynolds returns to Oliver's Well to celebrate Christmas for the last time with her siblings in the home they grew up in. After their parents recently passed the siblings reluctantly agree to sell the family home on Honeysuckle Lane after the New Year leaving Emma in charge of its belongings. While antiques expert Morgan Shelby appraises Emma's mother's collection they find a hidden surprise in an antique desk that takes them on a journey to discover the power of love and family during the holidays.
"553927 ""A Man Called Jon"" is a light-hearted dramedy about Pastor Jon Terrell Carson's unusual style of worship. Jon's church is very traditional and is not accustomed to outbursts during service. One day after embarrassing the church along with his family Senior Pastor Stannum decides to reach out to the Bishop requesting that Jon be assigned to a church more suited to his style of praise. Jon and his family find themselves at an African American Church where he is confronted by Associate Pastor Dickens who later informs him that he was sent to the wrong church due to mix-up in paperwork. Jon is moved to his third church where he struggles to fit in. Will Jon be able to control his celebration or will he be moved for a fourth time?"
554386 The two-time GRAMMY Award-winners return as you've never seen them before with Synthesis Live. Filmed in the fall of 2017 at the Grand Theater Connecticut this concert film features a re-imagining of some of Evanescence's best-loved songs with the spotlight on Amy Lee's virtuoso piano and voice supported by the combination of full orchestra electronics and the band. The new arrangements give a focus to the emotions and stories in the band's songs. Filmed at the Grand Theater Connecticut Fall 2017
555277 Author Nell Phillips’ first book has become a surprise best-seller of the Christmas season. Nell’s last stop on a nationwide book tour takes her to the town of Springdale the hometown of Emmett Turner a young man she met over five years ago while both were junior copy editors at a New York publishing company. Nell was hurt when Emmett stood her up for a dinner date and then disappeared from New York without any explanation. As Nell is quick to admit Emmett’s colorful nostalgic anecdotes about Springdale inspired her to write this book that is shaping her life and especially this holiday season.
555281 Samantha a freelance photographer is returning to Cape Cod for the first time since the death of her mother years earlier. She’s going to celebrate her father’s Christmas Eve wedding but is anxious to revisit past memories. On a deadline for a big Christmas spread that could ignite her career she enlists the help of her childhood friend Mike to show her around. In the time she spends in Cape Cod she realizes that Christmas is wherever your family is.
"555303 ""Home for the Holidays"" is the third stand-alone two hour Christmas special of the ""Murdoch Mysteries"" that first aired on December 18 2017 on CBC followed by a second airing on December 25 2017 in Canada.  Murdoch and Ogden travel to Victoria B.C. to visit Murdoch’s brother RCMP officer Jasper Linney. There they investigate a murder connected to an archaeologist Megan Byrne who has uncovered an ancient Indigenous settlement leading to a trek through the rugged beauty of British Columbia and encounters with the Songhees and Haida nations.  Meanwhile the Brackenreids are offered a surefire investment opportunity that may not be all it seems. At the Station House Crabtree and Higgins prepare for a ski-chalet holiday in Vermont with their girlfriends Nina and Ruth but learn it may be more dangerous than expected."
555530 Take the Ball Pass the Ball is the definitive story of the greatest football team ever assembled. For four explosive years Pep Guardiola's Barēa produced the greatest football in history seducing fans around the world. In this exclusive first-hand account of events between 2008 and 2012 the players themselves reveal the tension of the bitter Guardiola-Mourinho rivalry the emotion of Abidal's fight back from cancer to lift the European Cup and how Messi the best footballer the world's ever seen was almost rejected by Barēa as a 13-year-old.
556173 Lucas A former Danish Army Officer has traveled to Derry Northern Ireland to clear up details of his estranged son's death and finds that there was another side to his son's life and the people he was partied with. These include Michael who has been fighting in unlicensed boxing matches to raise quick cash trained by his Father who doesn't know Michael is questioning his sexuality. The fights have been building to a final fight against Brian Beru undefeated King of the gypsy's and a wrecking machine Michael will need Lucas help if he is to survive.
556453 A young man Stevie awakes on a wasteland overlooking Bradford still bleeding from a brutal attack that has left him with severe memory loss. Recent events are a total blank; his more distant memories are a blur. He slowly begins to piece together his identity: his name his home his family. At first it appears he returns to his former self but through a series of painful flashbacks and encounters he comes to learn of the dark and disturbing events that led to his beating. Ashamed to learn of the person he has become – and the dangerous world he became mixed up in –  Stevie realises he will have to pay. But at what price?
"557070 The 20th century was the century of oil. From farm to fork factory to freeway there is no aspect of our modern life that has not been shaped by the oil industry. But as the ""post-carbon"" era of the 21st century comes into view there are those who see this as the end of the oiligarchy. They couldn't be more wrong. This is the remarkable true story of the world that Big Oil is creating and how they plan to bring it about."
557181 The longest day of the year in Neverland has finally arrived. Festivities are being organized by the Red Skins and celebrations are underway. To get the best of the day filled with fun and folly the traditional Pichipock games have been organized for the lost boys Native Tribes Peter Tinker bell and the darling family. Tired of defeats Captain Hook realizes that the longest day could turn in his favor and comes up with a web of wicked plans to make Peter and his friends surrender. He decides to tamper with the dangers lurking in cursed swamps and the golden temple.
"557287 After a series of murders throughout the state single-mother Amanda discovers that she is the muse of the infamous serial killer known as the ""Infinity Killer."" Every woman killed looks like her and with every death she is sent a photo as a token of the Infinity Killer's affection for her. But when her son is kidnapped Amanda must make a decision between asking the handsome and charming FBI agent Carl Sayres for help or seeking out the killer on her own. Amanda is forced to play the killer's deadly game in order to save her son. Can she outsmart a killer?"
557294 With the exception of losing her older sister in a hit-and-run 17-year-old Tia Scott has had a pretty normal life. That is until she starts exhibiting strange symptoms and realizes she's caught a virus that's slowly turning her into a zombie. Desperate to find a cure the only person she trusts is a loner at school Flynn a self-proclaimed expert in all things paranormal. But Tia's life gets even worse when a friend of her boyfriend Connor is murdered. Tia knows that Connor's friend Jason is involved but going to the cops makes her a target and with the clock ticking until Tia's too far gone to recover she enlists the help of her mother Kate and a reclusive doctor in hopes they'll stop the disease before Jason finds out she's the snitch.
557582 On the outer circle of city 3 male met in a strange situation to manifest Gandhiji's 3 monkey mascot message in most real and hilarious way. This feature film basically consists the very idea of pain and suffering of the individual in the myriad world and each one wants to express it. The setting of character is also different than routine uniform story telling. This film's 3 protagonists are radically different in age as well as the philosophy of life. so all in all this film dealt with inner conflicts of being human in the most complex way and unique way.
"558302 After years of success Zaytoven still finds himself stuck in the middle of being a great producer and a mainstream producer fighting for the #1 spot while keeping his principles intact. When Zay and his cousin Nuke get's confronted by a ole friends widow Trish played by ""KASH DOLL"" demanding payment from her Husbands abandoned music royalties. The cousins find themselves yet in another bind. Trish convince her brother Rock played by ""JOSIAH MCCORMICK"" and up coming producer idol turned rival Ryan played by ""TROUBLE"" to extort Zaytoven and Co. at all cost. Tested by fans media friends and even family Zaytoven maneuver through the fight of his life in this twisted; made up Hollywood fantasy we call entertainment. This dramatic story unfolds as two cousins once again navigate through the industry."
558403 The feature-length documentary chronicles Alan’s life from his upbringing in Georgia in the 1950s and ’60s to his Hall of Fame induction in 2017. The film is primarily narrated by Alan and includes interviews with family members musical colleagues and country stars including Carrie Underwood.  Written produced and directed by John Albarian the film showcases the inspirations that led Alan to write hits such as “Chasin’ That Neon Rainbow” “Chattahoochee” “Here in the Real World” “Livin’ on Love” and “Where Were You (When the World Stopped Turning).”
558468 Multi award winning comedy superstar John Bishop is back with his brand new show. Recorded during his mammoth 150 date sell out tour of UK and Ireland at the iconic London Palladium in 2018. You too can experience him 'Winging It'! John shares his opinions on the royal family and how Kate Middleton 'could' have been Mrs Bishop. You'll find yourself carried along with his brilliantly observed feelings about hitting the big 50 how to deal with the 'empty nest' the menopause the moment he finally managed to impress his mates with his fairly new found fame and getting a 'name-check' live on stage in Boston from his idol Bono!
558612 Having survived a brutal home invasion that left his fiancee dead Scott now emotionally unstable and reclusive is encouraged to join a support group in an attempt to get his life back on track. At the group he meets the enigmatic O a woman who claims to have ties to Scott's attacker. Together the two set on a path of vengeance to track down the monster who did them wrong but as their journey progresses Scott begins to question O's true motives and intentions as she pulls him deeper into a world of murder and lies.
558739 A first-hand look into the revolutionary rise of the “citizen investigative journalist” collective known as Bellingcat. Comprised of various distinct personalities from around the globe Bellingcat is an online association of talented and dedicated truth-seekers utilizing advanced digital research techniques to upend the world of journalism. De facto leader Eliot and his fellow researchers give us exclusive access into their tight-knit world as they demonstrate the unlimited power of open source investigation. In cases ranging from the MH17 disaster to the hidden crimes of the Syrian regime the group’s power and growing global influence is examined and explored.
559250 A star-studded lineup of music film and television stars will join the celebration of Mickey Mouse on Mickey's 90th Spectacular. The two-hour television event honoring 90 years of the internationally beloved character will feature appearances by actress activist and mom Kristen Bell (Disney's Frozen) actress and Hollywood Records/Republic Records recording artist Sofia Carson (Disney's Descendants Freeform's upcoming Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists) two-time Emmy® Award-winning actor Tony Hale (Veep Arrested Development) and actress Sarah Hyland (ABC's Modern Family) as well as special musical performances by Josh Groban NCT 127 Leslie Odom Jr. Meghan Trainor and Zac Brown Band. Mr. Iger will make a special appearance during the evening's festivities.
559337 Christmas works its magic in this body-switching holiday tale about two very different moms who find that help is where you least expect it and most need it. When struggling singer Audrey and wealthy record executive Julia collide at the mall they wake up in each other’s lives the next morning. Audrey finds that though Julia’s life is full of luxury she’s missing the chance to connect with her family in any real way while Julia finds that though she gets plenty of family time Audrey can’t say no to anyone giving her no time for herself. As Christmas looms closer the two women rush to figure out how to both help each other and switch back before they miss Christmas morning with their own families!
560016 Kid an anonymous young man who ekes out a meager living in an underground fight club where night after night wearing a gorilla mask he is beaten bloody by more popular fighters for cash. After years of suppressed rage Kid discovers a way to infiltrate the enclave of the city’s sinister elite. As his childhood trauma boils over his mysteriously scarred hands unleash an explosive campaign of retribution to settle the score with the men who took everything from him.
560673 Tom Noonan's play-turned-film 'What Happened Was...' won the Sundance Grand Jury Prize for Best Dramatic Feature in 1994. Now 20 years later Noonan has returned to his roots with the SHAPE of SOMETHING SQUASHED an independent film developed from his latest theatrical hit. It tells the story of an older 'has been' actor who is asked to participate in a read-through of a play at a legendary theater company. The production depends on the success of the read-through but unbeknownst to the actor he is only standing in for a star playing hard to get. Each character is desperate for their world to become what they've dreamed making this story both funny and heartbreaking in its depiction of life in and out of the theater.
"561066 The search for The Lost City of the Monkey God follows explorer Steve Elkins and a team of archaeologists anthropologists scientists and filmmakers in this true-life adventure as they overcome torrential rains dense jungles poisonous reptiles and deadly disease carrying flies to search one of the last unexplored places on Earth for a lost Maya city. Using cutting edge laser technology they can ""see"" the city hidden in the impenetrable jungle and with the support of the president of Honduras and his army they are able to save the found city from certain destruction and looting and properly excavate and preserve their discovery and begin to solve the mysteries of the lost city."
561710 Tommy DiNello a freelance videographer moves back to North Branford Ct. from New York City after two years on his own. His extremely close cousins Marie and Dom Jr. are reluctantly accepting their father's new young foreign wife Varya just two years after their mother's death. Since Tommy's parents moved to Florida when he was away he has no choice but to stay with his Uncle Dominic and cousin Marie while battling memories of the reason he left town in the first place. His dear friend Angela and him are reunited This is bittersweet as she is the only one with clear knowledge and witness of his past.Tommy moves back to North Branford Ct. after two years in NYC. He resides with his uncle and close cousins as they reluctantly accept their father's new marriage just two years after the death of their mother.
563815 2018 what the hell is going on? Hawaii just got an incoming nuclear missile threat and because of our new leader people believed it. We have lost our way as a country. The world thinks we’re a joke and there’s a joke in the most powerful position in the world. I would give my yakuza pinkie right now for Mitt Romney. All that being said the new show is a killer balance between right and left. Thoughtful conservatives and my Grandma are starting to realize that we made a mistake. AMERIGEDDON is bringing the country together one drunk audience at a time. It’s for all of us because it takes one side The side of America. Don’t worry about anything people! It’ll be okay we will survive or live in a post apocalyptic gasoline fueled thrill ride where tribes fight each other over who should lead...just like now except we’ll all have Mohawks.
564700 The last few months have been very intense for Jamiroquai since the announcement of the new album Automaton.  The first titles unveiled have received an exceptional welcome from the public and the media and the first concerts announced by the group are full.  Today Jamiroquai unveils a European tour including three concerts in France Toulouse Nantes and Paris.  With more than 35 million albums sold worldwide spanning nearly 25 years the British group led by the charismatic Jay Kay have imposed their style.  Who doesn't remember Cosmic Girl You Give Me Something or Virtual Insanity?
"564953 Alan Jackson performs in front of a capacity crowd at the famed Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Morrison Colorado for his 25th Anniversary KEEPIN' IT COUNTY TOUR. This tour was a memorable celebration for his longtime fans as well as legions of new fans who are discovering his music through the many songs that have withstood the test of time and influenced many new artists of today.  Fans will hear the songs they love from the man who wrote them and made them famous including ""Gone Country"" ""Good Time"" ""Chattahooche"" ""Where Were You (When The World Stopped Turning)"" ""Remember When"" ""Where I Come From"" ""It's Five O'clock Somewhere"" as well as songs from his 15th studio album Angels and Alcohol."
"565297 Christmas is approaching and best friends Harry Jordan Ben and Dennis are at their annual get together before the holidays. As they share stories of their past year it is clear they all still have a lot of growing to do. Jimmy struggles with an unhappy marriage and an ill-timed affair with his daughter's 17 year old babysitter. Meanwhile his best friend Jordan splits from his partner Steve only to discover he may not be the biological father of their daughter. Harry struggles with an estranged relationship with his father and his ex-wife. But everything turns into total chaos when Ben loses custody of his son and decides kidnapping is the only way to save his family. Now these friends must come together and do the right thing proving family and friendship is what is most important. With an all star ensemble cast ""This Is Christmas"" is perfect for the holidays. -- from WowNow Entertainment"
565869 Jeffrey Catherine Jones is one of the most revered comic book and fantasy artists of all time and a complex character with an unusual life an ideal subject for an insightful and captivating documentary. Tracing the early history as part of The Studio with fellow artists Bernie Wrightson Barry Windsor-Smith and Michael William Kaluta through to gender transition in later life Maria Paz Cabardo assembles a collage of artwork and archive alongside interviews with collaborators and some touchingly intimate conversations with the artist herself shortly before she died.
566212 GAZA brings us into a unique place beyond the reach of television news reports to reveal a world rich with eloquent and resilient characters offering us a cinematic and enriching portrait of a people attempting to lead meaningful lives against the rubble of perennial conflict. Throughout its entire history the Gaza Strip has been witness to conflict and upheaval. From ancient times this tiny coastal territory located at a crossroads between continents has been a pawn whose fate rested in the hands of powerful neighbours.
566876 When inexperienced criminal Ben holds up a small-town restaurant the poorly-planned robbery spirals into a hostage crisis beyond his control. Trapped inside with him is his girlfriend manager Adie Graham a cunning sociopath who masterminded the theft to cover up evidence of her embezzlement. As Ben tries to keep her involvement a secret whilst negotiating with the police Adie plays a dangerous game of deceit and manipulation willing to do anything and everything to come out on top - no matter who gets hurt.
566892 The Legend of the Mountain Man is a family-friendly story that will be enjoyed by viewers of all ages in American Sign Language. The Legend of the Mountain Man set in picturesque Montana features a typical dysfunctional family of five. The father who has been at odds with his parents for many years decides to send his three children to his parents' ranch for the summer. The children unexpectedly encounter a creature one that has never been seen nor recorded in history books. Viewers accompany the children on a heartwarming journey as they navigate the family's past and try to reconcile some of the estranged family members.
566955 It’s May 4th 2018 and the Royal Albert Hall is in blackout. As a sell-out crowd holds its breath in the darkness a lone figure appears from the shadows and purrs the opening line of As Long As I Have A Song in that unmistakable burnt-honey voice.  It takes a special talent to command that historic stage. But for the next two hours and 23 songs Live At Royal Albert Hall will hold you spellbound as the singer whispers and hollers her hopes fears and deepest secrets in your ear making this massive venue feel like a nose-to-nose club show.  A thousand interviewers have tried to unpick the fascinating enigma that is Beth Hart. But as Live At Royal Albert Hall reminds us everything you need to know is right there in her songs.
566957 Iconic guitarist songwriter vocalist and three-time Grammy award winner Brian Setzer and his 19-piece orchestra are releasing a new concert fil this November on HD Blu-Ray. Christmas Rock! Live was filmed in Santa Barbara at the Granada Theatre and features timeless Christmas classics like Rockin Around The Christmas Tree  Jingle Bells  and Here Comes Santa Claus as well as hits such as Stray Cat Strut  Jump Jive An Wail and Rock This Town Track listing: Pennsylvania 6-5000; Rockin Around The Christmas Tree; Hoodoo Voodoo Doll; Stray Cat Strut Boogie Woogie Santa Claus; Gene & Eddie; Angels We Have Heard On High; Jump Jive An Wail; Here Comes Santa Claus; Wichita Lineman; Runnin Down A Dream; The Christmas Song; Rockabilly Boogie; Rocket In My Pocket; Fishnet Stockings; Rock This Town; Nutcracker Suite; Jingle Bells
568091 Driving cross-country Ray and his wife and daughter stop at a highway rest area where his daughter falls and breaks her arm. After a frantic rush to the hospital and a clash with the check-in nurse Ray is finally able to get her to a doctor. While the wife and daughter go downstairs for an MRI Ray exhausted passes out in a chair in the lobby. Upon waking up they have no record or knowledge of Ray's family ever being checked in.
568474 Welcome to South Beach Miami: where hard-bodied party girls come to get wet. Whether at the pool or on the beach these bikini-clad bathing beauties have come to soak up the sun all day long and party all night. They’re on vacation and under assumed names. That means they’ll hook up anonymously and with no strings attached. Will you be the lucky guy… or girl? Enter Irma (Mindy Vega) the Queen of South Beach. She’s out to score and she won’t let the recent marriage to her dim-witted but hunky husband stop her from bagging every available swinger on the beach. In fact she really has a run of things until Sunny (Heidi Kline) arrives. Bored by her workaholic boyfriend Sunny takes the beach by force and gives Irma a run for her money. Armed with SPF 50 not even tan lines can stop these G-string gladiators from their sexual conquest of South Beach one sandy seduction at a time.
568683 America 1947. Despite hard choices and even harder knocks Joe and Kate Keller are a success story. They have built a home raised two sons and established a thriving business.  But nothing lasts forever and their contented lives already shadowed by the loss of their eldest boy to war are about to shatter. With the return of a figure from the past long buried truths are forced to the surface and the price of their American dream is laid bare.
"568738 Where Death Is Most Alive is a DVD release by Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity released on October 26 2009.  Disk 1 contains a concert Live in Milan from October 31st 2008.  The Setlist is as follows:  ""Intro"" ""The Treason Wall"" ""The New Build"" ""Focus Shift"" ""The Lesser Faith"" ""The Wonders At Your Feet"" ""Lost To Apathy"" ""FreeCard"" ""Inside The Particle Storm"" ""Nothing To No One"" ""Edenspring"" ""Insanity's Crescendo"" ""Lethe"" ""Dreamlore Degenerate"" ""Misery's Crown"" ""ThereIn"" ""My Negation"" ""Yesterworld/Punish My Heaven"" ""The Mundane And The Magic"" ""Final Resistance"" ""Terminus (Where Death Is Most Alive)"""
568766 Phyliss McGee was a wicked woman when she was alive but now that she's dead she is far worse. Geno the grandson of Phyliss is reunited with his family after her death but soon discovers that there's something wrong -- what appears to be the dead grandmother is going around with a meat cleaver in hand and butchering family members! Forced to cover it as a journalist Geno gets too close and soon finds out what his family has been hiding for years... he discovers the FAMILY SECRET!
569506 Ivan uses experimental meditation to induce out-of-body experiences that might make it possible for him to escape a mysterious illness. His training takes an unexpected turn when he finds himself getting between the marital engagement of two old friends Emily and John. Unaware of Ivan's secret relationship with his fiancé John invites Ivan to go on a hiking trip with him. In order to keep up appearances Ivan agrees to go along. On the trip John grows ever more suspicious of Ivan's intentions with Emily. A dangerous game of cat and mouse ensues that might provide Ivan an unexpected route to a cure.
570117 A spectacular night of comedy and magic from The London Palladium to celebrate the 70th birthday of HRH The Prince of Wales and to raise funds for The Prince's Trust.  Reuniting comedians Armstrong & Miller as hosts the show also features the very best comedians and magicians from Britain and beyond. From the world of comedy Bill Bailey Rowan Atkinson Sandi Toksvig Omid Djalili Mischief Theatre and Alistair McGowan and from the world of magic Penn & Teller Dynamo and The Ehrlich Brothers. There are also some special appearances from Kylie Minogue Cheryl Jim Carter and Wallace & Gromit.
570228 A documentary about America’s current militarized police state the liberal use of deadly force against unarmed citizens and a possible pending economic collapse. The world reels with the turmoil of war geological disaster and economic collapse while Americans continue to submerge themselves in illusions of safety and immunity. While rights are sold for security the federal government swollen with power begins a systematic takeover of liberty in order to bring about a New World Order. Fearmongering terrorism police state martial law war arrest internment hunger oppression violence resistance. Neighbor is turned against neighbor as the value of the dollar plunges to zero food supplies are depleted and everyone becomes a terror suspect. There are arrests. Disappearances. Bio attacks. Public executions of those even suspected of dissent. Even rumors of concentration camps on American soil. The GRAY STATE is here. It always was. By consent or conquest.
570279 In December of 1968 three astronauts traveled to the Moon. This is the story of their lives and the amazing story of how they became the first human beings to travel beyond the confines of planet earth and reach the Moon.  First to the Moon tells the amazing story of the Apollo 8 mission and the three men that crewed it. Through restored archival films from NASA The National Archives and the Astronaut’s own personal collections this documentary takes you through time from the upbringing of each crew member and onward to present day.
570897 In the far-off land of Kalid President Amir lies on his deathbed. If this revered head-of-state dies the brutal dictatorship that he has so lovingly cultivated will fall into a dark age of uncertainty and chaos. And so in this moment of crisis his loyal staff are left with no alternative but to choose the only logical and sensible course of action—to transfer Amir's brain into a younger healthier and most importantly living body.  Enter Doctor Robert Trenton a mad scientist of the traditional 'they all laughed at me and now I'll show them' school. He along with his assistant Dorro a little man with a big appetite for evil and Tracy a conniving beauty with a heart that's harder than her leathery over-tanned skin concoct a deliriously diabolical plan involving murder body-napping skullduggery and oozy gooey brains.
570965 A coming of age story about Harry a charismatic 11-year old boy who arrives at secondary school in suburban London unable to read or write. With the help of Sophie his extremely dedicated teacher can he overcome the illiteracy ingrained across generations of his family? Against the backdrop of a Britain riven with debates around class identity and social mobility the film follows Harry over two years as he fights not only to improve academically but also to believe in a different future for himself.
571417 The Gentleman Driver is a  documentary about four world-class businessmen who moonlight as race car drivers. Outside the racing world people remain unaware of the gentlemen driver phenomenon having never been told a story like this before. You can't buy your way into playing the Super Bowl or World Cup but you can to race at the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Inside the the racing world gentlemen drivers face negative stereotypes but these men challenge those with their dedication passion & skill. Success seems to magically follow these men..
571633 The League of Gentlemen return to the stage in 2018 for their first UK tour in over 12 years with their brand new 47-date show ‘The League of Gentlemen Live Again!’  In the 2 part show the BAFTA award winning comedy troupe Reece Shearsmith Steve Pemberton Mark Gatiss and Jeremy Dyson bring their dark and unhinged fictional village of Royston Vasey to theatres and arenas across the country. Showcasing classic sketches and hilarious new material featuring some of their most memorable characters including “locals” Edward and Tubbs Tattsyrup theatre company Legz Akimbo The Dentons and job centre trio Pauline Mickey and Ross.
"572123 Marco 12 is obsessed with his iPad and hardly leaves the house. But when his grandmother dies and his grandfather moves in Marco's life is turned upside-down and he's forced...to go play outside. ""Nonno"" (Grandpa) introduces him to bocce ball and to the neighborhood crew of old Italian men who play daily at the local court. With sport laughter and love Marco finds connection to other people and rounds up a team of neighborhood kids to take on Marco's grandfather and his pals."
572153 2CD/Blu-Ray Following the release of their 2017 album 'Defying Gravity' Mr. Big set out on a trek that took them all over the world to promote the new release in a live setting. Anyone who has ever had the distinct pleasure of seeing the band live knows that the virtuoso musicianship and incredible vocals are on full display in this setting. By this time drummer Pat Torpey's battle with Parkinson's Disease had been made public but Pat toured with the band regardless and sat behind the drum kit for select songs while also providing background vocals tambourine etc. on other tracks when Matt Starr was taking his turn on the kit.
572315 Akira is a high school transfer student with a deteriorating relationship with his father. When he arrives at his new school he stumbles onto a classmate being bullied. His intervention triggers two new friendships — one with the victim Scott and the other with Elizabeth — the classmate who aids him after he is knocked out. Scott has a worse problem than the bullies — he has not come out at home yet. But Elizabeth may have an even bigger problem: she is a social pariah because she keeps acting as though someone or something is after her. Meanwhile Akira’s home front situation is going from bad to worse.
572340 Tango...can also be Finnish. In Argentina we know little about this country and their culture we usually think of them as completely different society and yet we dont even know they have their own Tango. In my journeys through that beautiful land I found that link we share and decided to explore it to go and unravel the mistery behind the Finnish Tango not only as a musical or dance expression but also to find meaning of this music for this beautiful country in which I found myself interviewing musicians such as MA Numinem and Susana Rinaldi to tango lovers like Elina Lajunen who has the music in her blood having travelled to Argentina to continue his studies of this dance and after all this I found that despite of distance between our two contries we are more than kindred spirits.
572426 Jody Ann Howells a survivor of the Still Rivers Massacre now working in Bail Enforcement is on the trail of her latest perp a young woman who is on the run after being found on the scene of a horrific murder a young woman who may be connected to her past. As Howells closes in on her she discovers that the killer she faced all those years ago may still be alive and kicking and he has his sights on a family making a cross country road trip only this time he's not alone.
572478 First-time directors Andrew Yorke and Kevin Michael invite you on an experimental cinematic journey through the lives of troubled youth in troubling times. When a pregnant women is found dead in a warehouse all signs point to suicide. But a freelance journalist gets a tip that an eyewitness with a different story is ready to talk. Yorke and Michael immerse viewers into a world beyond normal youthful indiscretion one that's dark and safely self-contained until pressures from mainstream society shatter everything. Videotape is a raw powerful exploration of the darker side of human nature with crucial questions screaming to be answered.
573153 Oh the weather outside is frightful... so get out there and start doing some stupid stuff in cars.  Yes whether it's racing a rally car against a bobsleigh playing ice hockey with tiny Suzukis or seeing if a Ferrari can get you from Britain to the ski slopes quicker than a plane Top Gear has always been at the cutting edge of cold-weather car-based messing about.  Can a combine harvester be turned into a snow plough? What happens if you ski-jump a rocket-powered Mini? Does a Jaguar estate make a good ski lift? This collection sees Jeremy James and Richard - a trio well versed in trading on thin ice - answering these vital questions and more besides.  Uniting for the first time some of the best Top Gear winter adventures it's a snowy slippery celebration of all things sub-zero. When the temperature plummets the fun begins...
573560 In a dilapidated cyberpunk city plagued by crime and corruption an unscrupulous District Attorney is savagely murdered and tossed out of a building onto his brand new car. Mysteriously the District Attorney and his car come back to life as a single being with a thirst for vengeance. The eerie driver-less car embarks on a vicious rampage exacting revenge on the criminals who murdered him. The Car: Road to Revenge is the stylized sequel to the unconventional horror cult classic The Car (1977) and features an homage to the original with the return of Ronny Cox as the Mechanic.
574240 It's DDP and it's another edition of the show that changed the shoot industry. DDP is one of wrestling's straightest shooters and his recent quest to cleanse the lives of the more challenged figures in the sport has made him one of the most talked about characters in the game. And now he's ready to ANSWER YOU!  You sent videos and emails and DDP sits down to give you the straight dish on everything we give him. He's one of the most open and honest people and now he opens up on Kimberly Kanyon Beefcake WCW David Arquette and so much more on the one the only...YOUSHOOT!
574504 Get ready to head back to a time when the wrestling landscape was filled with regional promotions each with their own stars their own television product and their own identities. In this edition of Back to the Territories join host Jim Cornette and his guest Hacksaw Jim Duggan as they undertake an in-depth analysis of Mid South Wrestling.  Mid South was the brainchild of legendary promoter Cowboy Bill Watts a character as rich in lore as his territory. The stars that blossomed in Mid South would go on to captivate wrestling fans for years long after their tenure with Watts had ended. The names Duggan DiBiase Reed and Junkyard Dog were only a handful that can be traced back to the territory.
574640 Hailed as a masterpiece of 21st century dance Akram Khan’s Giselle comes to cinemas for the first time with Artistic Director Tamara Rojo dancing the role of Giselle one of a community of migrant workers cast out of their jobs in a condemned garment factory.  The classic story of love betrayal and redemption has been reimagined in this stunning new version with sets and costumes by Academy-Award winning designer Tim Yip (Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon) an ‘ominous gothic’ (The Observer) adaptation of Adolphe Adam’s original score by composer Vincenzo Lamagna and performed by English National Ballet Philharmonic dramaturgy from Ruth Little and lighting design from Tony Award-winner Mark Henderson.  Filmed live at the Liverpool Empire in October 2017 Akram Khan’s Giselle is directed for the screen by Ross MacGibbon.
574656 Four teenagers Amy Melissa Hailey and Tess venture out into the British countryside for a weekend camping. After a while it becomes clear that they are not alone as an unknown figure watches them. The first night they sit around the campfire and tell each other scary stories. One involves a strange video they saw on the internet another involves possessed pumpkins and the final tells the tale of The Plague Doctor. Slowly over the next day each girl is killed one by one until only Amy survives. Drugged she awakes in a strange room and suddenly the real terror can begin!
575076 After her adopted father is assassinated 6 year old Alex is abducted and placed into the hands of Montgomery Lomax an elite martial arts skills trainer and mentor for a private intelligence company. Over the next 18 years she is taught how to kill but before being placed into the field Lomax dies.  Alex hits the streets socially naive but with exceptional physical capabilities. The Intel organization decides to cut its losses and dispatches assets to terminate Alex. She harshly deals with them forcing the company to reassess.  Elite instructor Lester Casey tricks Alex into surrendering herself and through a series of brutal retraining methods breaks her down making her compliant but the spark of moral right that Lomax lit in her as a young girl still flickers.  After a conspiracy of betrayal Alex goes after those who hurt her culminating in a series of lethal battles that push her skills to the limit.
575264 Ethan Hunt and his IMF team embark on their most dangerous mission yet: To track down a terrifying new weapon that threatens all of humanity before it falls into the wrong hands. With control of the future and the world's fate at stake and dark forces from Ethan's past closing in a deadly race around the globe begins. Confronted by a mysterious all-powerful enemy Ethan must consider that nothing can matter more than his mission—not even the lives of those he cares about most.
575550 In February 2017 Midnight Oil took to Sydney Harbour and announced The Great Circle World Tour. The Circle would begin where the band started out in Sydney’s pubs then circumnavigate the globe. It was to be their first tour in over 15 years.  And so after 77 performances to over a half million people around the world this is where The Great Circle Tour would finally come to a close in Sidney. Two hometown shows in this special place: The Domain. The first date? November 11. Known to some as Armistice Day.  Now fans around Australia and across the world can get to see hear and feel what it was like to be there as Midnight Oil lit up their hometown for two unforgettable nights at the climax of The Great Circle 2017 World Tour.
575807 The Amazon flows lazily through the goldmine-gashed landscape of northern Peru. Using real eyewitness accounts directors Bénédicte Liénard and Mary Jiménez tell the story of a young woman who winds up in the clutches of forced prostitution when her initially hopeful attempt to escape the constrictions of her village goes wrong. Step by step she is robbed of her moral and physical integrity. The film reconstitutes a space of dignity and returns voice and identity to a fate formally made nameless. With its powerful imagery the girl’s traumatic odyssey embodies the destruction of life in a capitalist world in connection with horrific natural devastation.
575820 For Alyssia and Ilaria every farewell is also a reunion. Just a while ago they were at the Italian Mediterranean coast now here they are standing at a parking lot in front of an Esso gas station waiting for their father’s car to appear around the corner. Affectionately they bid their mother good-bye for now. The two sisters’ parents are separated. Just like Carleton Sherazade and Thomas the two girls have found their own way of dealing with the situation.
576003 Lex Cordova is a young woman who counsels terminally ill clients that have trouble letting go. While proving uniquely talented in her ability to connect with the dying Lex is at a total loss when it comes to dealing with everyone else. When Valerie a sharp-tongued free spirit who simply has no time for her own mortality refuses to play by Lex's rules Lex is forced to question her own decisions and must decide if the business of dying is truly worth it... even at the cost of living her life.
576017 A love letter from a young mother to her daughter the film tells the story of Waad al-Kateab’s life through five years of the uprising in Aleppo Syria as she falls in love gets married and gives birth to Sama all while cataclysmic conflict rises around her.  Her camera captures incredible stories of loss laughter and survival as Waad wrestles with an impossible choice– whether or not to flee the city to protect her daughter’s life when leaving means abandoning the struggle for freedom for which she has already sacrificed so much.
576095 For those with any interest in Vivaldi's operas Orlando Furioso is essential viewing being a 1989 San Francisco Opera revival by Pier Luigi Pizzi of his own 1979 production which was largely responsible for beginning modern interest in Vivaldi's stage work. The composer first premiered Orlando finto pazzo in 1714 but the Orlando Furioso finalised in 1727 was so heavily reworked as to be virtually an entirely new opera and so successful Handel set the same epic poem by Aristo under the title Alcina in 1735.
"576131 Iconic artist and theater director Robert Wilson has created a series of video portraits of celebrities ordinary people and animals called ""VOOM Portraits."" Known for his glacier-paced theatrical productions with Tom Waits and Lou Reed Wilson's now bringing his aesthetic to a video format. The recent developments in HD technology have allowed Wilson to create something like a precise hybrid of still photography and motion pictures. Actors such as Brad Pitt (as a crazy person on the streets in the rain) Isabelle Huppert (as Greta Garbo) Steve Buscemi (as a mad butcher chewing gum on a variety show) Robert Downey Jr. (as a dreaming corpse in a Rembrandt painting) and Winona Ryder (as Winnie the main female character in Samuel Beckett’s Happy Days buried up to her neck in sand) were asked to “think of nothing"" and move slowly and steadily to collaborate in Wilson's vision of who they might be."
576185 Back in the 80s five friends cause raucous in their schooldays. Twenty years on and they've got jobs they don't want and wives who don't want them. The leader of the gang Frankie is now dying in Yorkshire. The others find out and they get together for one last sad mad bad road trip to Dewsbury before it's all too late. Mix in a dollop of The Inbetweeners' intellectual wit add a pinch of bromancing from The World's End and then stir in a few ladles of The Hangover's vomit and you've got Destination: Dewsbury destined to be one of 2018's funniest releases.
576222 Ski Bum: The Warren Miller Story chronicles the life and times of the legendary filmmaker who through his annual ski films and national tours which began in the early 1950's was a driving force in the development and promotion of the ski industry in America and throughout the world. Miller who died last year at 93 sat months before his passing for his final interview. He reminisced about living off rabbit stew and sleeping in a teardrop trailer in his endless pursuit of the perfect ski run and he explained in great detail the challenges - both personal and professional - he faced over the course of his career.
576369 Ana Alvarez is a single mother from Nicaragua living in Northern Indiana with her teenage daughter Izzy. When a routine check in leads to a deportation order life as Ana knows it ends. The timing could not be worse as Izzy has just been accepted to Indiana University. Faced with an impossible reality of a lifetime away from her daughter Ana decides to risk everything in a last chance effort to leave Izzy’s tuition paid before her time runs out.
576426 Honing his craft as an indie filmmaker in Germany in the early 90s Uwe Boll never could have imagined the life that lay before him. From working with Oscar-winning actors and making films with US$60million budgets to having actors publicly disparage him and online petitions demanding he stop making films Boll continued to work; he has a filmography of 32 features a career that has led to his new life as a successful high-end restauranteur. Already a cult legend he will be remembered forever in the film world; for some as a modern-day Ed Wood who made films so bad they're good while for others a prolific filmmaker who came from a small town in Germany and never compromised his integrity while forging his own unique Hollywood trajectory.
576562 A group of tween girls chant into megaphones marching in the San Francisco Trans March. Fists clenched high they wear brown berets and vests showcasing colorful badges like “Black Lives Matter” and “Radical Beauty.” Meet the Radical Monarchs a group of young girls of color at the front lines of social justice. Set in Oakland a city with a deep history of social justice movements the film documents the journey of the group as they earn badges for completing units including being an LGBTQ ally preserving the environment and disability justice. Started by two fierce queer women of color we follow them as they face the challenge to grow the organization both pre/post the 2016 election
576696 Introducing his never before seen 'leaping one-hander' to the masses on a national level Kenny Sailors quickly grew to be a fan favorite while leading his Wyoming Cowboys to the Collegiate National Championship in Madison Square Garden in 1943. But after playing on several losing teams in an unstable emerging league now known as the NBA Kenny disappeared into the Alaskan wilderness only to be forgotten by the sport he helped pioneer. Now nearly sixty years later the multitude of people he has touched along the way have forced Kenny’s humble reemergence.
"576703 What started out as an inside joke amongst two self proclaimed weirdos in Ft. Worth Texas soon becomes much more than they bargained for. Frustrated by the rising consumer-driven culture out-of-work pals Douglass St. Clair Smith and Steve Wilcox decide to turn their conservative southern ideology on its head and invent a new religion all their own. Spurred on by the overreach of religion and zealous televangelists of the day the pair concoct religious monikers (Reverend Ivan Stang and Dr. Philo Drummond) a newly minted prophet (J.R. ""Bob"" Dobbs) and devise a crusade to expose the conspiracy of normalcy by using humor as the ultimate weapon."
577341 An upcoming film directed by Enrico Iannaccone.  Valerio (Antonio Folletto) is a thirty year old man who leads a self-destructive life. The still beautiful Carla (Catherine Spaak) is an ex-magistrate who begins to show the first signs and symptoms of Alzheimer's. Contrary to Valerio she has an overwhelming desire to live. These two tormented souls become friends and together they find the strength to confront the pains and secrets of their past. They are both related to a mysterious woman Anneke (Veruschka von Lehndorff ). This is a journey of two people who are so different and yet so similar sharing their most painful emotions. It will lead them to the discovery of a new way of loving.
578199 Blast off to the 80s with Rifftrax Live: Space Mutiny! Mike Bill and Kevin riffed this cult classic low-budget space opera live in Nashville. Now you can watch the show from the comfort of your own home or space golf cart if you have one of those.  This is the Big McLargeHugest show you'll ever own. It's a brand new riff completely different from the original MST3K episode. The show stars with a live riffing of The Magic Shop a hilariously weird short that's somehow based on a story by H.G. Wells. Also included: pre-show slides and more bonus material! Also also included: Kevin wearing a shiny space muumuu you won't soon forget.
578821 Welcome to Top Gear The Best of the Specials.  All the wildest funniest exciting-est bits from all the legendary Top Gear Specials combined into one brilliant DVD.  For over a decade Top Gear’s road trips – and off-road trips – have tackled the biggest questions in motoring. Can cards set us free? Can they bring cultures together? And is it really a good idea to wear denim in tropical climates?  So if you enjoy watching middle-aged men sitting in cars driving across interesting landscapes while wearing denim – and who doesn’t? – you’ve come to the right place. Pour yourself a pint of Horlicks kick back and enjoy the very best of the Top Gear Specials…
"578978 The follow up film to Haunted State: Whispers from History Past (2014). The Wisconsin-based paranormal investigation team sets out on a journey across Wisconsin to investigate historic theaters that are rumored to have paranormal activity including ""Shadow people"" being reported by theater staff. Individually the theatres make up a group called the Theatre Of Shadows. Those Wisconsin theatres are: The Riverside and Pabst theatres in Milwaukee Barrymore Theatre in Madison and the Grand Opera House in Oshkosh. The adventure unfolds as the paranormal events are captured on film along with the history of Wisconsin's theaters being revealed. The evidence is pieced together uncovering the mysteries that lie inside Wisconsin's Theatre Of Shadows."
579045 How did late-night phone calls between two friends explode into one of the biggest political scandals in American history? Truth and Lies: Monica and Bill a new two-hour documentary from ABC News takes an up close look at hours of surreptitiously recorded conversations between White House intern Monica Lewinsky and her confidante Linda Tripp; how the saga that ensued took an emotional toll on the desperate young intern; and the lengths her colleague would go to uncover an American president's deception. The special marking the 20th anniversary of President Clinton's impeachment features new interviews...
579047 Nicolas Bannister a rugged and solitary veteran living in a near-future Miami flooded by rising seas is an expert in a dangerous occupation: he offers clients the chance to relive any memory they desire. His life changes when he meets a mysterious young woman named Mae. What begins as a simple matter of lost and found becomes a passionate love affair. But when a different client's memories implicate Mae in a series of violent crimes Bannister must delve through the dark world of the past to uncover the truth about the woman he fell for.
579150 Thirteen years two inspiring women both radical activists-one conversation. MOUNTAINS THAT TAKE WING is a historically rich and unique documentary about two formidable women who share a profound passion for justice. Through conversations that are intimate and profound we learn about Davis an internationally renowned scholar writer and activist and 88-year-old Kochiyama a revered grassroots community activist and Nobel Peace Prize nominee. Their shared experience as political prisoners and their dedication to Civil Rights embody personal and political experiences as well as the diverse lives of women doing liberatory cultural work.
"579574 In the underground world of contract killers mistakes cannot be tolerated. Set ""Doreé Seay"" a top brutal mercenary with an icy exterior finds out the hard way when one mistake sends her on a treacherous mission to clear her name. Hunted by her former mentor Karlton ""DeJean Brown"" and his roster of psychopaths she forms an unlikely alliance with a mysterious stranger and his sister as Set races against the clock to out-wit and out-fight the dark forces gunning for her life."
579583 Scott has been a case of arrested development ever since his firefighter father died when he was seven. He's now reached his mid-20s having achieved little chasing a dream of becoming a tattoo artist that seems far out of reach. As his ambitious younger sister heads off to college Scott is still living with his exhausted ER nurse mother and spends his days smoking weed hanging with the guys — Oscar Igor and Richie — and secretly hooking up with his childhood friend Kelsey. But when his mother starts dating a loudmouth firefighter named Ray it sets off a chain of events that will force Scott to grapple with his grief and take his first tentative steps toward moving forward in life.
579885 In a love triangle there are always three participants: the torturer the saviour and the victim who change roles depending on the situation. There is no room to condemn anyone there is no right and no guilt. A betrayal can happen with everyone. Margo admits to her husband George that she betrayed him with her student Anton. Her confession changes the life of three people. At first it seems that it is a usual story but gradually it emerges that everything that happens to Margo has a deeper meaning. She begins to understand God family and love. She starts to realize how these values correspond with the eastern world where she has grown up and with the western world where she now lives.
580052 There is only one King Diamond and for more than thirty years the great Dane has been dropping classic albums and putting on shows fans remember for the rest of their lives. Perhaps the only downside to having such a formidable catalogue is that there are just too many great songs to fit into a single set. However you would be hard-pressed to find a fan who wouldn’t want to hear 1987′s seminal Abigail in its entirety and Songs For The Dead Live captures this twice and in very different locales. The performances of the all-star lineup of musicians comprising of guitarists Andy LaRocque and Mike Wead bassist Pontus Egberg and drummer Matt Thompson are absolutely ferocious hammering home every single moment.
"580119 From the initial news of a ""disk"" being recovered in the desert to a scientific excavation of the 1947 crash site in Roswell N.M. this documentary offers an account of what may be an event in the 20th century. Includes eyewitness interviews and new footage. Archaeologists from the University of New Mexico in partnership with SCI FI Channel set out to uncover physical evidence to help prove whether the claim of an extraterrestrial craft crash is science fiction or science fact."
580302 The story of five secretive characters told with Klezmer music.  Five 21st century young and not so young men someplace in the world. They are musicians in search for someone and something which might have been born in their imagination. Once upon a time in the beginning of the 20th century there lived a Klezmer musician and storyteller Prince Nazaroff. Many people don’t believe he ever existed but these five do. They have imagined him and imagination can be stronger than reality. To this day Nazaroff lives in them. They can’t except that something could disappear forever. They call themselves ‘The Brothers Nazaroff’.  A deeply emotional story told through Klezmer music about identity emigration inner emigration brothers and godbrothers religion and belief faith and disbelief.  A modern story about our strange world we live in.
"580334 Accused of a brutal murder by the people in their village Oliver Isaacs and James Dean-Hughes set out to prove their innocence and catch the ferocious beast that they claim is actually responsible for the death of Oliver's fiancé Stacey Charles. A small entourage including a documentary crew tag along on their nightly hunting trips but an escalating body count and rising tensions amongst the group look certain to destroy the fellowship even before they can locate the beast referred to by local legend as 'The Devonshire Devil'. ""TORN: a SHOCK YOUmentary"" is the product of the documentary film crew's findings. It is the tragic and terrifying story of how the lives of James and Oliver are torn apart by 'The Devonshire Devil'."
580550 When Will Hataway convinces his friends that a camping trip in the forest near his hometown will be a more personal graduation celebration than a trip to New Orleans the stage is set for a memorable weekend especially since the closest most of them have come to the great outdoors has been on television. Culture shock seems to be the least of the group's worries as they get to know more of the people from the sleepy little town but once they get to the forest everything begins to fall into place. After two of them are brutally slaughtered it becomes painfully obvious to the remaining campers that a pack of sadistically gleeful lunatics is making a game out of methodically hunting them. As they fight for their very survival unexpected twists further complicate matters leading to an ending that is as shocking as it is disturbing.
580873 2018 was a banner year and the 40th Anniversary for TOTO who celebrated the occasion by embarking on their longest world tour in years.  The band performed for hundreds of thousands of fans across Europe and North America as their level of global critical mass reached new heights largely fueled by a rediscovery of favorites from their beloved repertoire. This live performance was filmed in front of a sold-out crowd exceeding 18000 fans on March 17 2018 at the Ziggo Dome in Amsterdam. TOTO performed a wide range of songs including hit singles rarely performed live deep cuts and two recently recorded tracks which appeared on their new Greatest Hits album (40 Trips Around The Sun).
580876 Four friends Bhavesh (Ravish Desai) Dharmesh (Prem Gadhvi) Rehaan (Gaurav Passwala) and Dinesh Bhai (Jayesh More) want an eventful life. But as Bhavesh gets married to his girlfriend Jharna (Jayaka Yagnik) of four year when their life changes into a monotonous routine. As the four friends find themselves getting trapped into the boredom of household life Nisha (Jhinal Belani) walks into Bhavesh’s life and things change further. What follows is a series of confusions misunderstandings revelations and more. But all’s well that ends well.
582308 In this sequel to Darren Wilson's groundbreaking film Finger of God filmmaker Will Hacker embarks on his own journey around the world in an attempt to discover the very core of Christianity. This step of faith takes Will on an adventure of a lifetime. He filmed with terrorists in the Middle East with drug addicts in California is smuggled into the underground church in China transforms a religiously charged bar in Northern Ireland and faces down a Muslim king in Africa. The lessons Will learns on his journey and the miracles and moments of raw love and emotion captured on film reveal a God who doesn't just want to save you but is worth everything you have.
582350 Sprinter tells the story of Akeem Sharp who is set to be Jamaica's next big track-and-field sensation. Akeem hopes to rise in the track and field world will take him to the U.S. to reunite him with his mother who has supported the family while living as an illegal resident for over a decade. But Akeem's rising star is weighed down by turmoil at home: a volatile father and an unruly older brother who insinuates himself into Akeem's career as a means of escaping - or perhaps enhancing - his scam artist hustle. Not only does Akeem have to prove to himself and everyone that he can succeed but also overcome the struggles that may ultimately bring him down.
583415 Welcome to the world of anything goes! Barbed wire-wrapped baseball bats steel cages tacks and tables & chairs are just some of the tools these artists of brutality use to take the sport to extremes the Federation and its fans have never witnessed before. These superstars have become legends through their bodily sacrifices. If we said they didn't get hurt we'd be lying. Like it hard? Then you'll friggin' love this man!  *All of these events actually took place and are not re-enactments.
584060 Four cars lie stranded on a dark and desolate country road in the middle of the night - the aftermath of a car crash. Tensions run high as the survivors struggle to resolve the situation but they soon realise that the worst is far from over... Tired cold and miles away from the nearest town the true danger begins to dawn on the passengers as they find themselves being picked off by a group of demonic creatures enraged by the fact that humans have strayed into their murky territory.
585245 As Emily struggles to fit in at home and at school she discovers a small red puppy who is destined to become her best friend. When Clifford magically undergoes one heck of a growth spurt becomes a gigantic dog and attracts the attention of a genetics company Emily and her Uncle Casey have to fight the forces of greed as they go on the run across New York City. Along the way Clifford affects the lives of everyone around him and teaches Emily and her uncle the true meaning of acceptance and unconditional love.
586032 Early morning silence is broken by screeching tires as a helicopter bears down on a speeding vehicle. Taking a quick corner the team tumbles out into the woods as their car pulls away. Now they must make their way through the thick of nature and thick gunfire to accomplish their mission. Not a single word of dialogue is spoken throughout the entire film. Instead the music sounds images and deeply truthful acting turn a simple plot into an intense experience. Passion and intrigue keep building to the very end.
586230 Peter Rice...An Engineer imagines is a cinematic homage to the life and ideas of Peter Rice widely regarded as the most distinguished structural engineer of the late twentieth century.  Without Rices’s innovations and collaborations with the leading architects of his time some of the most recognizable buildings in the world would not have been possible. The film traces Rice’s extraordinary work from his native Ireland through London Sydney and Paris to his untimely and tragic death in 1992. Through a series of interviews with former colleagues family and friends interwoven with stunning time-lapse photography we unfold the remarkable story of one of the great minds of the twentieth century; how man who pushed the boundaries of art and science to achieve the unimaginable. A genius who stood in the shadow of architectural icons. Until now.
586453 Set in the military outpost of San Antonio Texas AFTER FIRE highlights the challenges faced by the fastest-growing group of American veterans: women who now account for one in five new recruits to the U.S. Armed Forces.  Demonstrating courage during their military service and resilience in its aftermath three women military veterans candidly confront the fallout of their experiences on their personal lives as they adjust to the civilian world. The film throws a spotlight on the human toll of military service - including military sexual trauma combat injuries and bureaucratic dysfunction - telling a universal story about strength in the aftermath of trauma.
586552 Maharashtra has a very well known history and in that the period of Shivaji Maharaj is of pride to us all. Adilshah from Bijapur was the strongest enemy of Shivaji Maharaj and the ruler of Konkan and Maharashtra. Shivaji established Swaraj in these parts and set the people free from Adilshah's slavery. And hence he became Shivaji's biggest enemy. Adilshah later declared a war against Shivaji Maharaj and captured the Panhala fort. After several attempts for recapturing the fort Shivaji Maharaj failed. Adilshah being a tricky politician appointed the brutal Beshakh Khan as the guardian of the fort. The illegal and immoral acts of Beshakh Khan was against Swaraj and a hurdle for the coronation of Shivaji Maharaj. To stop him and capture the fort of Panhala was now an issue of prestige for Shivaji Maharaj. Farzand is the movie about Shivaji Maharaj's 60 great warriors lead by Kondaji Farzand which portrays their great achievements in capturing Panhala fort.
586604 January 1971- After an unexpected confrontation with his agent Hollywood legend Steve McQueen makes a reluctant deal. He'll choose his next acting gig on one condition: his agent has to help him locate the iconic Ford Mustang GT 390 from his seminal film BULLITT. On his journey across the desert and back to Los Angeles Steve ruminates on his triumphs and losses. Through his memories a picture of the man's reality is slowly revealed: a crumbling marriage therapy financial troubles and a waning career.
"586840 The Rock the most electrifying man in sports-entertainment brings it to you! Just Bring It! epitomizes how The Rock feels about life. Whatever the challenge he always says... Just Bring It! It's time to go one-on-one with the ""Great One""! Includes highlights from his most significant matches of the past year (June 2000-August 2001). Follow The Rock on the road and get insight into the dedication and attitude that make him one of the best the World Wrestling Federation has ever seen. Then go behind the scenes of the filming of Universal Pictures' The Scorpion King starring The Rock. When it's all over you'll understand why The Rock says... Just Bring It!"
"587006 At last homage is paid to the brains and beauties behind the brawn- the most famous and infamous managers in wrestling history. The men and women you'll see here are the architects of a Superstar's success and sometimes the designers of their downfall. These Master manipulators will go down in history as the World's Greatest Wrestling Managers: Captain Lou Albano ""Classy"" Freddy Blassie Jim Cornette Miss Elizabeth ""The Mouth of the South"" Jimmy Hart Bobby ""The Brain"" Heenan Paul Heyman Sensational Sherri ""Golden Boy"" Arnold Skaaland Sunny The Grand Wizard and many more!"
587130 In the aftermath of the Great Plague and amidst the subsequent witch-hunts against women a young widow grapples with the tragic death of her husband in a society completely consumed by fear and death. Because she rejects the advances of her landlord she is falsely accused of being a witch and thrown in jail for a crime she didn’t commit. She must endure physical persecution at the hands of England’s most ruthless witch-hunter and face her own inner demons as the devil himself starts to work his way into her mind.
587383 Put down your pencils and rulers and pick up your steel chairs and barbed wire bats. It's time for an Extreme lesson in what true hardcore professional wrestling is all about. Joey Styles the voice of Extreme Championship Wrestling is your person instructor for this very special edition of the ECW video series. Forget about reading and writing it's time to learn about some of the most poignant and infamous moments in the once in a lifetime journey that is now know as ECW Hardcore History.
587562 The Honeymoon is over… How we enjoyed the party when our amphibious Nestrian chums discovered their incredible newfound agility underwater! But when we revisit our curious loveable pals the entire animal kingdom’s survival is once again at stake. Amid the prospect of no new land on which to live and prosper not to mention the ever-diminishing food resources the mood on board the Ark is laden with mounting tensions which regularly spill over into ark rage. Fragile peace is frequently broken with general chaos ensuing. How can our unlikely heroes help? And what lies beneath for Finny in an oceanful of possibilities when he quite literally falls into some rather surprising new company?
"587964 Queens of Combat 5 - Title Tournament Day 1 Mid Atlantic Sportatorium Gibsonville NC 6/13/15 Solo Darling vs. Su Yung 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament ""Hardcore"" Heather Owens vs. Chasity Taylor 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament Santana Garrett vs. Mandy Leon 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament Tessa Blanchard vs. Hania the Huntress 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament Jenny Rose vs. Amanda Rodriguez 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament Taeler Hendrix vs. Amy Love 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament Jessicka Havok vs. Miss Diss Lexia 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament LuFisto vs. Leva Bates 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament."
"587965 Queens of Combat 6 - Title Day 2 Ziggy Winston-Salem NC 6/14/15 Chania Hunter vs. Left Bates vs. ""Mad"" Mary Dobson The winner returns to the title tournament Santana Garrett - Soo Young Match of the 2nd round of the Title Queens tournament »Miss Diss Lexia Roni Nicole and Hardcore"" Heather Owens with the Vile Handsome ""Zayn Riley vs. Amy Love Chacy Taylor and Solo Darling Jenny Rose vs. Mandy Leon Tyler Hendricks vs. Amanda Rodriguez Match of the 2nd round of the title of the"" Kwins Battle ""tournament Match ""LuFisto"" - ""Tessa Blanchard"" match of the second rau Yes tournament ""Queens combat title"" Jessica Havok vs. ""Crazy"" Mary Dobson match of the 2nd round of the Tournament Queens Fight."
587966 Queens of Combat 7 - Title Finals Sunday November 29th. Match in a 4-position match. The winner goes to the semifinals against Tessa Blanchard against Talley Blanchard. QoC semifinal match Tyler Hendrix vs. winner 4-way match in Chelsea Green vs. Mad Mary Dobson game Leva Bates vs. ODB LuFisto vs. Andrea Finals Tournament winner Queens Battle Title (Havok vs. Blanchard) against winner (Hendrix vs. Blanchart) Title (Havok vs. Blanchard) against the winner (Hendrix vs. Blancht Battle Title (Havok vs. Blanchard) against the winner (Hendrix vs. Blanchart) Title (Havok vs. Blanchard) against the winner (Hendrix against Blanshar).
587979 D'Arcy Dixon is a professional wrestler competing for Queens of Combat where she portrays a villainess. D'Arcy Dixon debuted for the North Carolina-based Queens of Combat promotion on March 19 2016 serving as the lone babyface in a three way match between Su Yung and Taylor Made at QoC 9 which Taylor won. D'Arcy turned heel at QoC 11 on May 21 where she was defeated by Jessicka Havok. She continued her villainous persona later that night at QoC 12 losing to Solo Darling. D'Arcy picked up her first victory in the promotion at QoC 15 on September 16 teaming with Miss Diss Lexia to form the D&D Muscle Factory and defeating the Sexy Young Caramels (Devyn Nicole and Savannah Evans). On the following day at QoC 16 the evil D'Arcy defeated Chasity Taylor to pick up her first singles victory in Queens of Combat.
"587982 Queens of Combat presents its 13th release in front of a wild crowd at Fanfest NWA Legends in Charlotte North Carolina August 6 2016. Queens of Combat 13 Ticket Hall of Hilton Charlotte University North Carolina August 6 2016 Miss Miss Lexia vs. Samantha Heights Kennady Brink vs. Rachel Elaring Roni ""Big Bang"" Nicole vs. Arial Monroe Chokes Twister Daugthers (Jesse Belle and Isabella) Caramels (Savannah Evans and Devin Nicole) NO DQ - No Counts - Number of Falls Everywhere Malia Hosaka vs. Soo Young ThunderKitty vs. Neva vs. Solo Darling vs. Tessa Blanchard Queens Fight Championship Match Angelina Love vs. Tahler Hendricks (c)."
587983 Queens of Combat 14 will be held on September 16 2016 at Mid Atlantic Sportatorium in Gibsonville North Carolina Ariel Monroe vs. D and D Muscle Factory Angela Rose (D'Arcy Dixon and Miss Diss Lexi) with Dastardly Handsome Zane Riley vs. Sexual Young Caramel ( Devin Nicole and Savannah Evans) Roni Nicole vs. Malia Hosaki 2 of 3 Falls Match: Kennadi Brink vs. Rachel Elaring Thundering Kitty vs. Chasiti Taylor Number 1 Opponent for the title of Queen of the Bout - Nicole Savoy vs. Su Jung.
"587991 Queens of Combat presents ""Tag Team Title Tournament Part 1"" held February 18 2017 in Gibsonville NC Thunderkitty vs. Daysia QoC Tag Tournament Round 1 D&D Muscle Factory w/Fitness Guru Zane Riley vs. Nevaeh and Rachel Ellering Davienne vs. Faye Jackson QoC Tag Tournament Round 1 Taeler Hendrix and Chelsea Green vs. Kiera Hogan and Aja Perera QoC Tag Tournament Round 1 The Fella Twins vs. Sexy Young Caramels Samantha Heights vs. Angel Rose Kennadi Brink vs. Britt Baker QoC Tag Tournament Round 1 The Sea Stars vs. The Lucha Sisters (Leva Bates and Jade)."
"587993 Queens of Combat presents ""Tag Team Title Tournament Part 2"" held February 18 2017 in Gibsonville NC Miss Diss Lexia vs. Aja Perera QoC Tag Tournament Semi-Final Taeler Hendrix and Chelsea Green vs. Nevaeh and Rachel Ellering Samantha Heights vs. Kiera Hogan QoC Tag Tournament Semi-Finals The Lucha Sisters (Leva Bates and Jade) vs. Sexy Young Caramels The Fella Twins vs. The Sea Stars Thunderkitty vs. Britt Baker Queens of Combat Championship Match Kennadi Brink vs. Su Yung (c) QoC Tag Tournament Finals Taeler Hendrix and Chelsea Green vs. The Lucha Sisters Leva Bates and Jade."
587995 Twenty-fourth anniversary from the queen of battle we will see stars from WWE and many more January 20 in the historic CWF Sportatorium Keira Hogan against Nicole Payne's Starfish (Delmi Exo and Ashley Vox) team against Ruthless Ambitions (Maria Manick and Penelope Ford) Savannah Evans vs. Willow Nightingale Priscilla Kelly vs Ell Kath Samantha Heights Hate Blanchard QOC Championship Su Yung (c) vs Hudson Envy QOC Tag Team Team Pretty angry girls (Madi Max and Rene Michel) vs Dishonorable Impact (Tehler Hendrix and Chelsea Green).
588007 Editor's Note: These are the same matches as in Queens of Combat Season 3 presented at www.WomensWrestlingNetwork.com presented in the form of a live event * Madi Maxx Open Challenge Veda Scott vs. Samantha Heights Aja Perera vs. Rachel Bostic vs. Xia Bruxide vs. Angel Rose Hudson Envi Nevae and Britney Blake vs. Savannah Evans Penelope Ford and Maria Manik QOC Championship - NO DQ Su Jung (s) vs. Kimber Lee Held on May 19 2018 in Hebron Hall in Charlotte North Carolina.
588064 When a charming fare named Penny climbs into his cab Harris a world-weary taxi driver finds himself engaged in the only kind of courtship he can have with a passenger -- one that lasts as long as her trip. That is right up until she disappears from the back seat without a trace. When confusion gives way to reality he resets his meter and is instantaneously transported back to the moment when she climbed into his cab. He and Penny find themselves trapped in an endlessly looping nighttime cab ride with only each other for company and it changes his life forever.
588078 This tape takes you behind the scenes at the esteemed Ultimate University. You will learn the moves and techniques needed to make it as a professional wrestler. This tape covers warm ups drills and shows you how to build a solid foundation. You will learn all the basics such as collar and elbow tie-ups running the ropes reversals tackles drop downs leap frogs and bumping. Ultimate University has been featured on Discovery Channel's documentary Inside: Pro Wrestling Schools and FX's Toughman.
588213 Back in May of this year there was a brief panic when all of Pro Wrestling Guerrilla's Social Media changed over to Bar Wrestling. Many feared the worst that PWG had folded or been re-branded. But as it turned out it was because PWG co-founder and former owner Joey Ryan was starting his own promotion called Bar Wrestling and still had control of the old accounts. PWG resumed life as normal and on June 8 Bar Wrestling launched it's first event in Baldwin Park California.
588228 The world is stunned when a group of time travelers arrive from the year 2051 to deliver an urgent message: Thirty years in the future mankind is losing a global war against a deadly alien species. The only hope for survival is for soldiers and civilians from the present to be transported to the future and join the fight. Among those recruited is high school teacher and family man Dan Forester. Determined to save the world for his young daughter Dan teams up with a brilliant scientist and his estranged father in a desperate quest to rewrite the fate of the planet.
588448 Maggie is an 18-year-old girl who leaves her adopted Christian home after her father's tragic death. Trying to fill a void in her life Maggie feels the need to locate her birth mother. What she finds is not what she hoped for. Maggie finds a mother that does not love her or want her. Maggie gets caught up in this woman's world. After a few months enough becomes enough and when all hope is lost one desperate night she reaches her breaking point. In a rage she releases her frustrations by destroying the seedy hotel room that has been her home. At her feet falls a Bible and it is then she realizes that there is only one thing that can break the bondage she is in and that is Jesus Christ our Savior.
589326 From ancient cave paintings to Twitter feeds and deep fakes propaganda's rapid progression hasn't compromised its potency. Tracing its effective use by religious figures politicians and marketers director Larry Weinstein crafts a persuasive study of the mechanics behind propaganda. This fascinating investigation confronts us with timely questions: If we grow up surrounded by propaganda how do we know what is true? What risks are inherited by a society tricked into their perceptions? Freedom of speech is critical to a democracy's survival yet demagogues have consistently exploited that freedom to coerce willing supporters. Contemporary artists including Kent Monkman Shepard Fairey and Ai Weiwei analyze their politically motivated work creatively co-opting the conventions of disinformation that have permeated their respective cultures. As our platforms for spreading ideas continue to expand in a digital age dangerous lies have never been better disguised.
"589382 Generating over a billion dollars a year the pickup industry is shocking secretive and—to put it politely—scummy. Built upon myths and manipulation expensive workshops and training videos push an agenda that women are biologically attracted to alpha males. If men can learn techniques to overcome their shyness and become socially dominant they'll be 21st-century Casanovas. At least that's what the brochure says. Ross Jeffries's 1992 self-published book How to Get the Women You Desire into Bed inspired a generation of macho men to push their techniques with aggressive online marketing. With insider access to the movement's founders and current leaders this riveting exposé dismantles the ""date and mate"" methods hustled by modern snake-oil salesmen. From chat rooms to conference halls these self-help-styled seminars are poised to take advantage of anyone desperate enough to fall for their dangerous promises."
"589424 Widespread sexual abuse within the Catholic Church has traumatized thousands. Many have only recently come forward to speak publicly while others have been silenced through settlements. One of the perpetrators Father Hod Marshall pled guilty to 17 assault charges; a colleague Father David Katulski called him a ""very good pedophile."" One of his victims seeking closure for this traumatic part of his childhood filed suit against the Basilian Fathers of Toronto for its role in enabling Marshall's depravity. As the case moves through the courts—led by ""the priest hunter"" lawyer Rob Talach—the silence the Catholic Church fought so vigorously to maintain is broken. Director Matt Gallagher opens a channel for those brave survivors who are willing to provide testimony culminating in a powerful damnation of an institution that must be exposed and held to account."
589853 Across the Bay from the NBA champion Golden State Warriors is another Warriors team one that plays only home games. Felony convictions derailed the lives of the San Quentin Prison squad some of them promising players. The rocky road to rehabilitation is the point of the game in this eye-opening inspirational documentary. Q Ball‘s focus is on determined men grappling indelibly with the gravity of their crimes and reaching for redemption. The film zeroes in on about-to-be-paroled star player Harry “ATL” Smith who has not surrendered his NBA dreams; Anthony “Ant” Ammons a lifer who has become a mentor to younger inmates; and head coach Rafael Cuevas a convicted murderer who understands his role in preparing his players for life on the outside. For all three men the team is not just a means of recreation but a form of family.
589871 Weed. Marijuana. Grass. Pot. Whatever you prefer to call it America’s relationship with cannabis is a complicated one. In his directorial debut hip hop pioneer Fab 5 Freddy presents an unparalleled look at the racially biased history of the war on marijuana. A range of celebrities and experts discuss the plant’s influence on music and popular culture and the devastating impact its criminalization has had on Black and Latino communities. As more and more states join the push to legalize marijuana this documentary dives deep into the glaring racial disparities in the growing cannabis market.
590088 After her daughter Lacey goes off to a prestigious university Carol finds herself with an empty nest and decides to rent out her room. When Nikki a local college student answers the ad it feels like a perfect fit. What Carol doesn't know is that Nikki was her daughter's high school rival and that she believes Carol cheated her out of a chance to attend a better school by pulling strings for Lacey. Now Nikki has come to avenge the future she feels has been stolen from her.
"590395 Since many years Echoes the band around guitarist and singer Oliver Hartmann (Avantasia Hartmann ex-Rock Meets Classic) is well known as frontman of the most popular and successful German Pink Floyd Tribute meanwhile touring across Europe and far beyond the borders of Germany. With their successful live DVD/CD ""Barefoot To The Moon"" (No. #20 at the Media Control Charts Germany 2015) recorded and arranged with pure acoustic instruments and supported by a four-piece string ensemble from Prague the band has impressively shown that the original's great heritage can be interpreted in an interesting inspiring and absolutely creative way. Now in early 2019 the group will release their successor and electrical continuation entitled 'Live From The Dark Side (A Tribute To Pink Floyd)"" recorded live at 'Rock Of Ages Festival 2018' in Rottenburg-Seebronn Germany."
590444 ‘Mary Boyle: The Untold Story’ reveals shocking new evidence about the case of Ireland’s youngest and longest missing person. Mary was six years old when she vanished on her grandparents’ remote farm in Donegal in March 1977 while in the company of her uncle Gerry Gallagher.  The documentary contains disturbing allegations by a number of retired senior police officers that a local politician interfered in the case ordering that the chief suspect not be arrested. He never has been and still lives in Donegal today.  The documentary written and directed by Gemma O’Doherty has won several international awards and has been viewed almost 1 million times on YouTube. It led to public outcry in Ireland with marches and vigils held around the country demanding justice for Mary. A new police review of the case was ordered within days of the film’s release but the suspect remains at large and Mary’s body has yet to be returned to her identical twin sister Ann for burial.
"590949 ""My wife had faith I had doubt - you'd be surprised how well those two work together!"" That's been Joe Bigler's ""life operating manual"" until his wife died in a mysterious bicycle accident. Now without her faith to help him mourn and his doubt driving toward a mystery surrounding her death Joe is left with more questions than he can handle and quickly finds himself spiraling into a dark abyss - uncertain of all things. His rescue comes in the form of a Dog who wanders into his rose garden and refuses to leave. ""Dog"" as Joe unaffectionately refers to him never utters a single bark but engages Joe in silent conversation and together they form an unexpected bond. And with that bond comes a new understanding of love mercy and compassion along with the beginnings of a personalized faith that helps Joe not only begin to grieve and heal but also discover the answers to the unsolved mystery surrounding his wife's accident...and ultimately an ability to forgive at the highest level."
591248 Over four years I have developed the best show about heavy metal you have ever seen. I've toured it round the world added a full-on death metal backing band expanded it honed it and even written a bestselling book based on it.  Now it's time to film that show so I can capture the magic and then finally put it to rest.  Yeah I could do it shit and just upload it on YouTube and hope some of you see it.  But that's not good enough. Not for this show. Not for HEAVY METAL.
591278 For a year acclaimed British filmmaker Jeanie Finlay was embedded on the set of the hit HBO series “Game of Thrones” chronicling the creation of the show’s most ambitious and complicated season.  Debuting one week after the series 8 finale GAME OF THRONES: THE LAST WATCH delves deep into the mud and blood to reveal the tears and triumphs involved in the challenge of bringing the fantasy world of Westeros to life in the very real studios fields and car-parks of Northern Ireland.  Made with unprecedented access GAME OF THRONES: THE LAST WATCH is an up-close and personal portrait from the trenches of production following the crew and the cast as they contend with extreme weather punishing deadlines and an ever-excited fandom hungry for spoilers.  Much more than a “making of” documentary this is a funny heartbreaking story told with wit and intimacy about the bittersweet pleasures of what it means to create a world – and then have to say goodbye to it.
591659 Welcome to Title Match Wrestling Network where you can binge watch the best wrestling action from around the world. See full events from 70+ promotions such as WrestlePro Pro Wrestling Syndicate Booker T's Reality of Wrestling Combat Zone Wrestling Wrestlecade BLOW: Bombshell Ladies Wrestling PCW Ultra AML Wrestling and Battle Club Pro. Title Match Network also offers a ton of exclusive shoot interviews with stars such as Kevin Owens Kenny Omega AJ Styles Young Bucks Raven Necro Butcher and many more. We also feature original programs like Stand Up For Greatness with Stevie Ray and Ladies Night Out: All Women's Wrestling. Title Match Wrestling has been featured on ABC FOX NBC and CW.
591663 Title Match Network will be holding its fifth Ladies Night Out event this Saturday. Ladies Night Out is a recurring all-women show that began last February. Due to its success TMN decided to run three more editions in 2018 alone. Now entering the new year they will be running Ladies Night Out 5 running out of Booker T’s Reality of Wrestling (ROW)‘s World Gym Arena. In January ROW collaborated with RISE Wrestling to create the excellent ROW on the RISE show which showed many homegrown ROW talents against RISE stars. Seven exciting matchups are on the card for Ladies Night Out 5. It’s available to stream live on the Title Match Network where you can watch all preceding Ladies Night Out events as well as many others with a 2 week free trial.
591672 In February 2017 Journey went to Japan for a special show at Tokyo’s Budokan that featured a complete performance of 1981’s Escape and 1983’s Frontiers at the request of legendary Japanese concert promoter Mr. Udo in honor of his 50th anniversary in the business. “There’s a few songs I don’t even recall playing like [the Frontiers track] ‘Troubled Child” Journey guitarist Neal Schon told Rolling Stone at the time. “Digging back into that stuff has been a lot of fun.”
592128 Based on the true story of the notorious 1957 ‘mob summit’ in upstate New York. Spearheaded by Vito Genovese more than 50 leaders of the organized crime syndicates from around the country converged on the sleepy town to discuss upcoming expansion plans. Their plans are foiled when local police trooper Ed Croswell discovers their activities and consequently exposes the mob to the American public. Croswell’s actions shed light on the massive web of corruption and changed the face of law enforcement forever.
592227 Women’s Wrestling Revolution presented ‘Identity Crisis’ in Providence Rhode Island this past weekend on March 4th 2017. They released raw footage from the show tonight that you can watch on Beyond Wrestling’s youtube channel where all new subscribers get an automatic 14 day free trial after signing up. The DVD and Blu-Ray of the show will be up on Smart Mark Video within the next few weeks. We got the opportunity to watch the show and here are some quick thoughts on the matches: Maria Manic & Penelope Ford vs. Team Sea Stars (Ashley Vox & Delmi Exo)  Skylar vs. Willow Nightingale  Sonya Strong vs. Vanity  Karen Q vs. Tasha Steelz  Davienne & Mistress Belmont vs. The Twisted Sisters (Holidead & Thunder Rosa)  Barbi Hayden vs. Gabi Castrovinci  Alexis Rose vs. Veda Scott  Jordynne Grace vs. Renee Michelle  Rachel Ellering vs. Su Yung
592424 WSU returned on Saturday to present Breaking Barriers 5 from the Colossal Sports Academy at the Coliseum in Voorhees NJ. The Premier Promotion in North American Women's Wrestling ushered in a new era at the event. In addition to the many new additions to the roster ALL three championships were on the line. First Maria Manic defended the WSU Tag Team Championships with an unlikely partner against unlikely opponents. Then Kiera Hogan returned to defend the Spirit Championship against Jordynne Grace. Finally the main event saw Mercedes Martinez defend the WSU World Championship against Tessa Blanchard. All this and so much more went down on Saturday at Breaking Barriers 5.
592487 Long before satellites would journey to planets and deep-space telescopes would photograph distant galaxies there was an artist whose dazzling visions of planets and stars would capture the imagination of all who beheld them. Before that he was an architect working on projects like the Chrysler Building and the Golden Gate Bridge. He would later become a matte painter in Hollywood working on films like Citizen Kane and Destination Moon. Who was this remarkable man? His name was Chesley Bonestell (1888-1986). Chesley Bonestell’s mesmerizing depiction of “Saturn As Seen From Titan” became known as “the painting that launched a thousand careers.” Told by the many people who were influenced by Chesley Bonestell or knew him personally and punctuated with rare interview footage of the artist himself the documentary compellingly chronicles the life of a quiet artistic visionary whose architecture and space art continue to inspire us to reach for the stars.
592661 In full-on investigative mode reporters from The New York Times The Wall Street Journal and Hollywood Reporter doggedly pursue the story of US $3.5 billion missing from a Malaysian wealth fund. They trace the dirty money via real estate deals and movie financing back to the top tiers of the Malaysian government. Incredibly (but oh how fitting!) the audacious swindlers chose to back the 2014 blockbuster The Wolf of Wall Street. Hollywood A-listers including Leonardo DiCaprio attended lavish parties hosted to launch the film. The embezzlement was orchestrated by a flamboyant fancier Jho Low and Riza Aziz the stepson of the then-Malaysian Prime Minister. As the truth finally comes to light assets are frozen and the fall-out begins.
593441 When Bruce reluctantly follows his pal Oswald to the horse races and gets a taste of success he quickly gets bitten by the gambling bug. But later that night at a poker game with some shady characters he gets more than he bargains for when Oswald loses a hefty bet he can't cover. With Oswald's family held hostage Bruce is forced to pay the remainder of his debt by robbing the payroll office in a Reno casino but not before he spirals into degeneracy and loses big himself during the job. When complications arise during the heist and Bruce must take hostages of his own his desperation worsens as he takes a final stand against the mob to get Oswald's family back.
"593720 From their roots as a brutal confrontational industrial band through breakups and chaos to their odds-defying current status as one of the most accomplished and ambitious bands in the world one whose concerts are more like ecstatic rituals than nostalgic trips. SWANS has always been a collection of singular performers but there's been one constant since its formation in 1982--singer songwriter Michael Gira. 'Where Does a Body End?' is a SWANS documentary with unfettered access to hundreds of hours of Gira/SWANS archives of never-seen-before recordings videos and photographs. An unfiltered story of a life in the arts frequent difficulty spanning decades without a safety net creating work because Gira says ""What else am I going to do?"""
"593754 ""Jennifer Lopez: All I Have"" was the first concert residency by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez. Performed at Zappos Theater (formerly The AXIS Theater) located in the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas Nevada the residency began on January 20 2016[2][3][4] and concluded on September 29 2018.[5] The show has received critical acclaim for its production and Lopez's showmanship. The residency grossed $101.9 million after 120 shows making it the sixth highest-grossing Las Vegas residency of all time and the top residency by a Latin artist."
593899 In October 1947 the second year of the first government of Juan Domingo Perón in a place called La Bomba in northern Argentina hundreds of people belonging to the Pilagį people were murdered. The fear planted by the State covered the facts with a cloak of silence. More than sixty years after the massacre the survivors reveal details of what happened in a documentary that demanded its director more than three years of investigation in the province of Formosa and in official files.
"593941 Appalachian filmmakers join together to produce three horrifying suspenseful and strange tales. In ""Pretty Girl"" a young woman escapes a maniac kidnapper by fleeing into the Appalachian wilderness. Aided by a group of friendly hikers she must escape the woods or face her darkest fears. ""Man Vs Ghost"" is the story of an over-the-top host of a public access ghost-hunting show and his sister who fear that some ""ghosts"" may be following her home. Desperate for a season finale he can sell to the Travel Channel the ""Ghost Man"" tries to cash in on his sister's paranoia to produce the perfect episode but may get more than he bargained for. An average Joe is kidnapped and trapped in makeshift death match arena in ""The Room"". Forced to fight or be killed he must find the will to survive against all odds. Three 30-minute short films by filmmakers from Northeast Tennessee in the heart of Appalachia."
594250 Follow big wave surfer Nathan Fletcher through the evolution of surfing and his relationship with big waves in this special premiere event from Fathom Events 1091 Media and Red Bull Media House.  Tracing his lineage back to his grandfather one of the pioneers of Oahu's North Shore Fletcher and other fellow surf and skateboard legends share insights from the pursuit of their passion. A voyage through the eyes of the surfing community that delves deep into the mind-set of the board sports culture and its roots culminating in a spectacular never-before-performed stunt which once again raises the bar of what is possible.  This special one night only event will feature a behind-the-scenes look at the making of the Acid Drop.
"594290 Concerned her widowed mother Tracy will be lonely when she leaves for college kind-natured Ashley secretly creates an online dating profile for her mom and meets Jared who seems like the perfect match. When Tracy ""accidentally"" meets Jared and they fall in love Ashley is comforted to see her mother happy until Jared moves in and begins doing whatever he can do to shut her out of their new life. It quickly becomes apparent that Jared's hold on Tracy will lead to devastating consequences if Ashley doesn't do something about it and must find a way to take Jared down."
594412 The story of the long troubled town of Asbury Park and how the power of music can unite a divided community. A once storied seaside resort Asbury Park erupted in flames during a summer of civil unrest crippling the town for the next 45 years and reducing it to a state of urban blight. A town literally divided by a set of railroad tracks the riot destroyed the fabled Westside jazz and blues scene but from the flames of the burning city emerged the iconic Jersey sound.
"594580 The Doll Domination World Tour was the second and final concert tour by American girl group The Pussycat Dolls. It was launched in support of their second studio album Doll Domination (2008).  Setlist:  ""Takin' Over the World""  ""Beep""  ""I Don't Need a Man""  ""Elevator""  ""I Hate This Part""  ""Buttons""  ""Wait a Minute""  ""Love the Way You Love Me” (Nicole Scherzinger interlude)  ""Space"" (Melody Thornton)  ""Played"" (Ashley Roberts)  ""Don't Wanna Fall In Love"" (Kimberly Wyatt)  ""If I Was a Man"" (Jessica Sutta)  ""Hush Hush"" (Nicole Scherzinger)  ""Big Spender"" (Melody Thornton)  ""Whatcha Think About That""  ""Whatchamacallit"" (Male dancers interlude)  ""Magic""  ""Bottle Pop""  ""Halo"" (Nicole Scherzinger)  ""Stickwitu""  Encore  ""Don't Cha""  ""When I Grow Up"""
594631 Psychologist and former prosecutor Hailey Dean aids her friend Detective Garland Fincher in investigating the murder of his former Marine friend. With a growing list of suspects who each seem to have strong motives Hailey uses her investigative skills as well as her uncanny ability to read people to read and follow the clues that will lead them to the killer. And when the body of a female Marine shows up in the same park where Fincher’s buddy was found the case takes a whole new turn as Hailey uncovers a conspiracy that puts her own life in danger as she pursues justice for the victims.
594633 Psychologist and former prosecutor Hailey Dean aids her friend Detective Garland Fincher in investigating a rapidly growing string of murders at Atlanta Memorial Hospital when Fincher’s girlfriend Dr. Meghan Phillips is named a suspect in the first killing. As the list of suspects grows with each new victim’s death Hailey’s keen investigative skills her uncanny ability to read people and her passion for justice lead her through a labyrinth of clues that eventually point to the killer. But when she gets too close to the truth Hailey becomes the killer’s next target for murder.
595652 Most people know foosball as the game they used to play in their parent's basement but for some die-hard fans foosball isn't just a game... it's a way of life.  Enter the underground world of professional foosball a sport that's been around for over 40 years but no one knows exists.  Through an ensemble cast FOOSBALLERS not only uncovers a forgotten piece of sports history it follows 6 of the best table soccer players in the world as they prepare for the sport's most prestigious event The Tornado World Championships.
596252 The powerful and inspiring true story of the controversial human rights campaigner whose provocative acts of civil diso bedience rocked the British establishment revolutionised attitudes to homosexuality and exposed world tyrants. As social attitudes change and history vindicates Peter's stance on gay rights his David versus Goliath battles gradually win him status as a national treasure. The film follows Peter as he embarks on his riskiest crusade yet by seeking to disrupt the FIFA World Cup in Moscow to draw attention to the persecution of LGBT+ people in Russia and Chechnya.
596636 A star-studded BBC film of Oscar Wilde’s glittering and controversial career before his trial for homosexual crimes and tragic fall from grace.  Highlights from Oscar’s brilliant comedies such as The Importance of Being Earnest and stories such as The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Canterville Ghost are adapted and performed by a cast including Freddie Fox Claire Skinner Anna Chancellor and James Fleet. Wilde enthusiasts and experts including Stephen Fry Wilde’s grandson Merlin Holland and his latest biographers provide revelatory accounts of how his own life informed his work. His Irish roots his early career his marriage and the importance of women as well as men in his life all combine in a complex and compelling characterisation and celebration that adds flesh to the bones of a man who is too often caricatured.
597017 A glass frame some wax wings a tale sculpted in dust on the glass a mask of bees wings. The artist Patrick Neu lives alone in a remote island village to the north of the Vosges far from all of the central focal points of the world of art. He creates slowly and carefully with the patience inherited from the primitive Flemish artists which whom he dialogues explicitly in works that border the ephemeral and tend towards a rare perfection. One day the director of the Tokyo Palace in Paris pays him a visit: after following his work for fifteen years he wants to commission him with his first individual exhibition. He accepts but will not change his method in any way. In the background the old truth of the salamander above all an artist should be able to hide and keep his mystery.
597139 Shadowland is the first theatrical event of its kind to tour the globe! The groundbreaking new performance by internationally acclaimed dance troupe Pilobolus is best described as part shadow act part dance part circus and part concert. Pilobolus has performed over 100 choreographic works in more than 64 countries around the world. They have featured on the 79th Annual Academy Awards Oprah & Late Night with Conan O'Brien. Shadowland is the groundbreaking new performance by this internationally acclaimed dance troupe.
597237 To many in the bodybuilding world Calum von Moger is seen as the future of the sport. A two time Mr. Universe champion who has proven himself to have one of the greatest physiques currently on the professional stage; Calum was catapulted into social media stardom. Known for his resemblance to Arnold Schwarzenegger and dubbed Arnold 2.0.  But a sudden and tragic bicep tear brought his training and goals to a grinding halt. Losing dozens of pounds of muscle and unable to train until fully recovering – Calum was forced to reassess his bodybuilding path and find a way to fight back up to the top. Calum von Moger: Unbroken chronicles his rise fall and now recovery as he moves into a promising career in television and film.  Showcasing a man with an indomitable will that overcomes all the hurdles in his path and taking him to a place that both skeptics and doctors thought was impossible.
"597391 Since its premiere on 2 June 1937 in Zurich Alban Berg's second opera ""Lulu"" has the reputation of being surrounded by scandals. On the one hand this is due to the dubious character of the subject the man-eating femme fatale which Berg had taken from Frank Wedekind's two Lulu tragedies – ""The Earth Spirit"" and ""Pandora's Box"" – and combined into one opera libretto. On the other hand Berg's window had (for personal reasons) repeatedly refused to have the opera completed which was unfinished when Berg died. This video is of the unfinished two-act torso of ""Lulu."""
597472 Twenty-five years ago on September 25 1993 beneath the golden glow of the Parthenon a standing-room-only crowd assembled to witness a stunning spectacle of sight and sound. The majestic stone arches of the 2000 year-old Herod Atticus Theater became the setting for the performance of a lifetime. The passionate crowd warmly embraced its native son internationally-known composer and performer Yanni who was returning home after two decades in America. With Live at the Acropolis Yanni delivered a heart-stopping emotion-filled program of his timeless masterpieces brought to life by his innovative band. The concert captures Yanni at the height of his artistry. The most successful concert video of all time the Yanni Live at the Acropolis 25th Anniversary Deluxe Edition Box Set is a must have for all Yanni fans.
597883 The global sanitation crisis finds an unlikely and eccentric hero in 60-year-old Singaporean Jack Sim also known as Mr. Toilet. By blending a lighthearted sense of humour with some compelling and unnerving statistics he cuts through the cultural taboos of a topic that tends to make people uncomfortable. That discomfort however comes at a deadly cost. Nearly a third of the world's population is put at risk by lack of access to proper sanitation be it unsafe outdoor conditions or improper sewage systems. While Jack's efforts are on a global scale a major part of his advocacy is focused on India where 200000 children die each year from poor sanitation and women are assaulted in public spaces for lack of private bathrooms. Mr. Toilet faces large corporate fights and thinning resources but his sense of fun and fervour reveal a determined hero that the world needs more than ever. - Gabor Pertic
"597939 On August 9 2016 a young Cree man named Colten Boushie died from a gunshot to the back of his head after entering Gerald Stanley's rural property with his friends. The jury's subsequent acquittal of Stanley captured international attention raising questions about racism embedded within Canada's legal system and propelling Colten's family to national and international stages in their pursuit of justice. Sensitively directed by Tasha Hubbard ""nīpawistamāsowin: We Will Stand Up"" weaves a profound narrative encompassing the filmmaker's own adoption the stark history of colonialism on the Prairies and a vision of a future where Indigenous children can live safely on their homelands."
597960 Erica is a computer tech that needs to earn extra cash to help pay for her last certification course. Her friend Steve sets her up with a freelance job upgrading his online gaming buddies. She gets to meet all of his Internet pals and finds them all very typical except Cyberthrasher who is apparently a legend in the virtual world. When Erica finally has the chance to meet this mysterious character she is surprised to find out that Cyberthrasher is really Martha the owner of a high-tech computer company who's always up for an erotic night especially with Erica.
598037 A rare original movie offering from the UPN network What About Your Friends: Weekend Get-Away focuses on three high school girls: aspiring singer Temple (Keshia Knight-Pulliam) and her lifelong friends Alex (Angell Conwell) and Breena (Monica McSwain). Attending a weekend college-scholarship retreat the three heroines endeavor to gain financial support for their chosen academic fields. Along the way Temple squares off against longtime rival Doreen (Alexis Fields) Alex is distracted by a handsome frat boy and Breena tries to prove that she's a lot more mature than her hip-hop image.
598069 Three sisters have spent years bracing themselves for the pivotal moment that opens this film: the final verdict in their trial against their cousin their childhood sexual abuser. From there the story returns to their memories of growing up in a large and insular Punjabi-Canadian family in the small mill town of Williams Lake British Columbia. With unflinching candour the sisters discuss their family's dark secrets and expose a toxic family culture that relied on female subservience and obedience. These roles they acknowledge have deeper roots and have in part been reinforced by the Bollywood films that have structured their fantasies of romantic relationships. While the film tells a difficult and confrontational story of abuse it is also a celebration of the loving sisterhood that allows these women to demand justice for the wrongs of their childhood years.
598531 The laughter. The tears. The “Oh no did he really just say that?” moments. Join Comedy Central as we take a loving look back at our 43rd President’s reign and salute him as only we can. Relive your favorite “Dubya” memories from the past eight years with the help of classic episodes from South Park L’il Bush That’s My Bush and more. Given all the comedy he’s provided us throughout the years it’s only fair we repay him! Don’t let ol’ Bush down now! Love him or hate him you’ll certainly laugh with him (or more likely at him) watching this ultimate tribute DVD.
598837 Join the beautiful ladies of Women Superstars Uncensored as they celebrate eight years of the very best in women's professional wrestling from inside the legendary 2300 Arena in South Philadelphia.  Tables Ladders & Chairs Match  WSU World Title  ie w/The Office  Jenny Rose vs. Brittany Blake  Juicy Product w/Rick Cataldo (c) vs. Chicks Using Nasty Tactics (Kimber Lee & Annie Social)  Mickie Knuckles vs. Solo Darling  Hania vs. Athena  LuFisto (c) vs. Shanna  2015 WSU Hall of Fame Induction  Tessa Blanchard vs. Sassy Stephan  Pryme Tyme Amy Lee  WSU Spirit Championship  Niya Barela (c) vs. Nevaeh
598838 Whether or not Jessicka Havok is still the WSU World Champion following “Secret Show” #3 she will face Alpha Female for the very first time on 2/8/14! After Alpha Female was unexpectedly added to the “Mutiny” lineup fans bombarded WSU Management with messages demanding this international dream match. We have gone out of our way to accommodate these requests.  Because of Shanna’s cooperation WSU Management has agreed to reward Portugal’s Perfect Athlete by letting her hand-pick her new opponent for “Mutiny.” Shanna will now team with Chris Dickinson against Candice LeRae and Joey Ryan in an intergender tag team match that will have major implications on May’s “Queen and King of the Ring” Mixed Tag Team Tournament.
598840 Since DJ Hyde took over the reigns of WSU the show has severely declined in quality due to booking. WSU has reached its lowest point in the anniversary show with unnecessary overbooking in every corner and more bizarre choices than ever before. We find ourselves three months after this ignominy with Power a show where starts a tournament to crown a new Spirit champion after Nevaeh abandoned the title on injury (it will probably be explained) and whose main event is Cherry Bomb against LuFisto for the title.
598856 After taking the summer off WSU returned to present the Queen and King of the Ring 2017 Tournament from the Flyers Skate Zone in Voorhees NJ. This was WSU's final event in the venue. Competing in this year's tournament were the teams of Veda Scott and Jason Cade Leva Bates and Greg Excellent Rick Cataldo and MJF Isla Dawn and Dave Crist Su Yung and Blackwater Willow Nightingale and Anthony Bennett Ray Lyn and Tim Donst and WSU Spirit Champion Kiera Hogan and Brandon Watts.
598858 As long a the sun rises in the East we will begin Stardom shows with rookies and youngsters. This show is no different as Hiromi Mimura and Konami join the rookies and children in battle. I continue to be sad that Konami hasn't found a real place in Stardom yet she is much better than this but it is what it is. Hanan is the best child on the roster but all have shown flashes of ability and could turn into real stars if they continue wrestling the next few years.
599214 From the strange and ridiculously colorful world of K. Gordon Murray comes the 1959 Holiday classic Santa Claus. Made in Mexico and dubbed into glorious English Santa Claus tells the story of well Santa Claus who lives in a big white castle above us in Geosynchronous Orbit and watches over us all in a way that would make the NSA jealous. It’s Christmas Eve and on Earth poor little Lupita wishes for a doll. Santa hears her wish and prepares for his yearly visit helped by the heavily medicated Merlin the Wizard and Santa’s unintentionally creepy mechanical reindeer.
599242 ingles Match 1 Fall 20 Minute Time Limit Rhia O'Reilly vs Sierra Loxton Singles Match 1 Fall 20 Minute Time Limit Addy Starr vs Charli Evans Co-Main Event: 2018 SHE-1 SERIES Qualifying Match 1 Fall 30 Minute Time Limit Kay Lee Ray vs Viper Singles Match 1 Fall 20 Minute Time Limit Laura Di Matteo vs Zoe Lucas Tag Team Match 1 Fall 20 Minute Time Limit Erin Angel and Martina vs Jamie Hayter and Jetta Pro-Wrestling:EVE Championship Match 1 Fall 60 Minute Time Limit Charlie Morgan (c) vs Kasey.
599248 Welcome to the revolution. For now the seventh time GWF brings you the best Women's Wrestling with competitors from all around the globe! Because of a snow storm in Ireland GWF Women's Champion Katey Harvey and Valkyrie unfortunately couldn't board their plane to Germany. Luckily GWF found suitable replacements in Veda Scott from the United States and Killer Kelly from Portugal. Kelly teamed up with GWF Berlin Champion Lucky Kid to take on the Croatian Panther Wesna and a well known opponent of Lucky Kid. While the feud between Melanie Gray and Audrey Bride intensifies with severe consequences the fans saw an absolute International Dream Match in the main event. Debuting Laura Di Matteo from Italy finds herself in a Triple Threat Match with Kaitlien Diemond from Canada and Blue Nikita from Greece.
599262 Revolution 8 was Germany's first-ever all-female wrestling evening event and featured two huge title matches. For the first time the PROGRESS Women's Title was defended in Germany as Australia's Toni Storm competed against wrestling legend Wesna. In the second title bout the undefeated GWF Women's Champion Katey Harvey fought against The Daredevil from Greece Blue Nikita in a gruesome No Disqualification Match! Also in action: Jamie Hayter from England made her return Melanie Gray from Germany and Audrey Bride from Hungary competed in a tag team match against each other The Amazon Ayesha Raymond made a huge statement towards the GWF Women's Champion Laura Di Matteo Killer Kelly Valkyrie and many more.
599265 In advance of the January 18 2019 premiere of WOW - Women of Wrestling on AXS TV some wrestlers from WOW will be participating in a panel and matches as part of this weekend's Los Angeles Comic Con. Wrestlers scheduled to appear at the Los Angeles Comic Con include Lana Star Keta Rush Princess Aussie (Simone Sherie) Razor (Sarah Wolfe) and Jessicka Havok. This will be the first time the Los Angeles Comic Con has presented live pro-wrestling at the event.
599266 hare Warriors of Wrestling began announcing matches for her show Women of Warriors III in October. Among them is WOW Women title defense since Nikki Addams will be on the line against Jordin Grace. Addams will also defend the belt against Madison Rain on August 12 after a recent meeting with Hellen Vale back on July 8. Aja Perera and Taeler Hendrix will debut in the promotion in New York while various matches were announced like Perera against Vanity Nyla Rose against Holidead and Davienne against Skylar. Willow Nightingale will team up with C-Bunny to fight Aria Cadenza and Terra Calaway. Allie Recks has also been announced; she is likely to fight with Hendrix who does not yet have an opponent. Warriors of Wrestling presents Women of Warriors III On October 7th Staten Island New York Davienn vs. Skylar Tayler Hendricks vs. Allie Rex Aya Perera vs. Vanity Terra Calaway and Ariya Cadenza vs. C-Bunny and Willow Nightingale Neil Rosa vs. Holidead WOW Women's Championship: Nika
599270 Los Angeles based All Ages Professional Wresting Show with a Full Bar (valid ID required to be served at the bar) and a Standing Room Only Concert Type Atmosphere featuring Tommy Dreamer Session Moth Martina Darby Allin Priscilla Kelly Brian Cage Melissa Santos Joey Ryan Willie Mack Violence Unlimited (Brody King and Tyler Bateman) Kikutaro Nicole Savoy DoomFly (Delilah Doom and Eli Everfly) PPRay (Peter Avalon and Ray Rosas) Katarina Dan Barry Heather Monroe LuchaSaurus Ruby Raze Watts RockNES Monsters (BHK and YUMA) Jake Atlas Ryan Taylor Brandon Cutler Andy Brown Dave Dutra and More. Doors are at 8pm and the show begins at 9pm.
599274 The Women's Wrestling Revolution Tournament starts this Saturday. After the announcement a few weeks ago the promotion has given further information about it. The tournament will be held over three of our Women's Wrestling Revolution events. It will start this Saturday with three qualifying matches. There will be five more qualifying matches at Women's Wrestling Revolution 4 on Saturday June 3rd right before GWF Mystery Mayhem 2017. The eight winners of these qualifiers will compete on Saturday September 2nd before GWF Battlefield 2017. At Women's Wrestling Revolution 5 the audience will witness the quarter finals semi finals and the grand final all in the afternoon.
599278 Triple Threat Match Natsuko Tora vs Kaori Yoneyama and Alex Gracia. 3 On 1 Handicap Match Viper vs Hanan Rina and Hina. Tag Team Match Sadie Gibbs and Mari Apache vs Jungle Assault Nation (Jungle Kyona and Ruaka). 6 Woman Tag Team Match Oedo-tai (Natsu Sumire Hazuki and Kagetsu) vs Jamie Hayter Hana Kimura and Bobbi Tyler. 10 Woman Elimination Tag Team Match Queen's Quest (Bea Priestley Utami Hayashishita Momo Watanabe AZM and Konami) vs Saki Kashia Starlight Kid Arisa Hoshiki Tam Nakano and Natsumi.
599978 Murder In The Front Row: The San Francisco Bay Area Thrash Metal Story. In the early 1980’s a small group of dedicated Bay Area headbangers shunned the hard rock of MTV and Hollywood hairspray bands in favor of a more dangerous brand of metal that became known as thrash! From the tape trading network to the clubs to the record stores and fanzines director Adam Dubin reveals how the scene nurtured the music and the music spawned a movement.  Murder In The Front Row is told through powerful first person testimony and stunning animation and photography. The film is a social study of a group of young people defying the odds and building something essential for themselves.  Featuring interviews with Metallica Megadeth Slayer Anthrax Exodus Testament Death Angel Possessed and many more! Narrated by Brian Posehn.
600741 How does a book of war game rules written in 1880 lead directly to the creation of Dungeons & Dragons nearly a hundred years later?  Secrets of Blackmoor is the two-hour documentary film resulting from an unprecedented exploration into the evolution of Role Playing Games (RPG's) that reveals the true origin of Dungeons & Dragons.  It's the story of the invention of Role Playing Games as told by the people who were there: the Twin Cities Gamers.  If you think D&D is the beginning of the story then think again: D&D is actually the end of the beginning.
600770 Favouring the instant gratification of anonymous no-strings sexual encounters over meaningful relationships high schooler Sequin is part of the always logged-on but never-engaged hook-up generation. He ghosts ex-partners and remains emotionally unavailable. That’s until he finds his way to an anonymous sex party where a whole new dizzyingly alluring world unfolds before him. In one scene Sequin connects with a mysterious stranger but they are separated suddenly. Utterly fixated on this man Sequin sets off on an exhilarating and perilous mission to track him down.
600946 The Chant of Steppes builds on a love triangle. Mohabat likes two men but she can not make the right choice and decides to marry the one who wins the bouzkachi contest. A poet and an artist have to cross mountains and steppes to engage in a noisy and dusty contest of horsemen in order to gain the hand and the heart of the beautiful Mohabat. The rules of the traditional Oriental game called bouzkachi are strict – a team of riders has to get the headless carcass of a ram clear of the other players to win the contest.
"601644 A year later Aaron is still traveling around the world with Camael and his dog Gabriel redeeming the fallen angels he finds and striving to escape the Powers' wrath. A fallen angel known as Azazel is released from his prison by a shadowy figure who enlists his help in ""aiding the Redeemer in fulfilling his destiny."" Camael having been wounded in a battle with the Powers goes to a fallen angel who has the power to heal and who is also the leader of an organization that protects the Nephilim and the Fallen from the Powers. Aaron visits a nearby college despite Camael's previous attempts to keep him close. At the college he discovers an obsessive professor who has captured a Nephil."
601733 Francesca Goode is a successful New York banker who goes from being a Boss to being Broke overnight after the feds freeze all her assets when she's wrongfully blamed for unethical banking practices. She's forced to give up her hard-earned lavish lifestyle and move back home to her humble beginnings with her uniquely hilarious Southern family that she thought she ditched and left behind in a small town in Georgia. However it's here that she will rediscover her self-worth an old love and the true meaning of family.
601760 Trina's job gets the best of her as she tries to complete just one day of healthy eating. Harassed by her cruel boss and overwhelmed by the trapped elevator occupants that reach out to her for help her only escape is Lola a fitness guru who she desperately tries to emulate. In this slow building drama of intertwining stories about people trapped in elevators our heroes and villains must fight to overcome their struggles with homophobia food addiction and racism.
602686 This feature documentary is an experiential journey in to the mystical practices of Japanese mountain asceticism. In Shugendō (The Way of Acquiring Power) practitioners perform ritual actions from shamanism Shintō Daoism and Tantric Buddhism. They seek experiential truth of the teachings during arduous climbs in sacred mountains. Through the peace and beauty of the natural world practitioners purify the six roots of perception revitalize their energy and reconnect with their truest nature — all while grasping the fundamental interconnectedness with nature and all sentient beings.
602783 It’s the year 2762. The galaxy is plagued with warring factions using hokey special effects to destroy each other. Out of this chaos a hero rises: the dashing exquisitely bearded Captain Saber Raine (Casper Van Dien). Saber and his elite squad of commandos (other actors) embark on a dangerous quest to save the Prince and Princess of an unnamed planet from the clutches of the Evil Overlord Sinjin - an overlord so evil HIS VERY SKULL IS FILLED WITH CHERRY JELL-O.  Can our heroes fend off Sinjin’s army of mutant androids and rescue the Prince and Princess? Probably! After all it’s Space Opera but you never know! Join Mike Kevin and Bill for an unforgettable Sword-And-Laser Swashbuckling-ly fun time beamed to theaters nationwide!
603868 This documentary captures the amazing life and times of our nation's forgotten founding father: Alexander Hamilton. Exploring the iconic American political and financial institutions he helped to create - from the U.S. Mint and Wall Street to the two-party political system - we'll examine Hamilton's enormous influence that still resonates today. Ron Chernow whose biography of Alexander Hamilton served as the basis for the hit Broadway play along with other notable names including Tom Brokaw and Maria Bartiromo contribute to an all-encompassing look at one of our nation's most accomplished leaders.
"604558 Aurora Williams is a 17-year-old girl living with her parents in the New Orleans neighborhood known locally as the 9th Ward. A talented young pianist Aurora is on the verge of leaving for college to study music when she discovers her cousin Tyrell is responsible for a heinous high-profile murder. Soon Aurora faces a dire conundrum – turning Tyrell in is obviously the proper thing to do but societal conventions and family loyalties complicate an already tense situation... Nobody wants to be branded ""a snitch” in the tight-knit community of the 9th Ward. With a large reward at stake and the police closing in on Tyrell Aurora must decide if she is willing to risk the safety of her family in order to do what is right."
604793 THINK AND GROW RICH: The Legacy will be a feature length docudrama film chronicling the story of some of today's most renowned entrepreneurs cultural icons and thought leaders. This feature length film will tell their inspirational stories and how they ultimately achieved their success. Interwoven with dramatic vignettes the movie will bring to life classic inspirational stories from Think and Grow Rich Think and Grow Rich: A Black Choice Think and Grow Rich: A Latino Choice Think and Grow Rich for Women and Three Feet From Gold.' THINK will unlock the eminent significance behind the secret of Think and Grow Rich revealing the global impact the book has created and serve as a continued legacy.
605509 The story of whisky has been told many times. But this film takes a different view showing how it has been shaped by geology and climate by tales told on the side of the road and in the corners of pubs. Whisky is a product of folklore and myth of music and alchemy of chance rather than design. This is the twisting shifting and multi-layered tale.  In this journey through the lesser-known parts of Scottish whisky culture we follow spirits writer Dave Broom on his quest to gain a deeper understanding of his national drink. While whisky has never been as popular it is often seen in the context of being a brand which sits outside people’s lives. It’s often thought of as a drink which speaks of the past rather than engaged with a dynamic present.
"605773 Elizabeth Vargas takes a fresh look at the most notorious cold case murder in American history. By tracking down new leads and with new DNA tests this episode takes a deeper dive in hopes of bringing peace to the Ramsey family. Featuring an exclusive interview with John Ramsey as well as many never-before-seen photos the documentary also pursues numerous ""intruder theories"" of the crime. Vargas and retired FBI agent Robert Clark investigate the possibility that the killer may have ties to a group that believed in extra-terrestrial life and the end of the world."
605972 A former Islamic fundamentalist changes from a hateful and spiteful jihadist to a free citizen who renounces violence.  Eight days after the gruesome murder of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh the Netherlands witnessed a failed terror attack by Islamic fundamentalists. Jason Walters and Ismael Aknikh were arrested by Dutch Special Police after a 14-day siege of their flat. Jason was sentenced to fifteen years imprisonment at the Terrorist Unit prison in Vught but over this period underwent a transformation from hateful jihadist into a man of peace.
606226 Ines who wants to change who she is and become someone else in order to cover up her insecurities. When she accompanies her boyfriend Lucas on a business trip to Norway Ines meets a half-Japanese tourist Maria who instantly fascinates her. Suddenly Maria disappears and Ines seizes the opportunity to replace her – she declares herself dead and travels to Japan in order to take over Maria's identity. There she will get a job at Miss Osaka the same nightclub where Maria used to work. A game of broken boundaries lost identities and the dangerous balance between reality and the past has begun and Ines must abide by the new rules by avoiding the more obscure paths.
607702 Leonardo da Vinci is acclaimed as the world’s favourite artist. Many TV shows and feature films have showcased this extraordinary genius but often not examined closely enough is the most crucial element of all: his art. Leonardo’s peerless paintings and drawings will be the focus of Leonardo: The Works as EXHIBITION ON SCREEN presents every single attributed painting in Ultra HD quality never seen before on the big screen. Key works include The Mona Lisa The Last Supper Lady with an Ermine Ginevra de’ Benci Madonna Litta Virgin of the Rocks and more than a dozen others.
607705 For the first time in history the Royal Academy of Arts in London in collaboration with the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston is bringing together Lucian Freud’s self-portraits.  The exhibition will display more than 50 paintings prints and drawings in which this modern master of British art turned his unflinching eye firmly on himself. One of the most celebrated painters of our time Lucian Freud is also one of very few 20th-century artists who portrayed themselves with such consistency.  Spanning nearly seven decades his self-portraits give a fascinating insight into both his psyche and his development as a painter from his earliest portrait painted in 1939 to the final one executed 64 years later. When seen together his portraits represent an engrossing study into the dynamic of ageing and the process of self-representation. This intensely compelling exhibition creates a unique opportunity for EXHIBITION ON SCREEN to reveal the life’s work of a master in one show.
607707 The story of Christ’s death and resurrection has dominated western culture for the past 2000 years. It is perhaps the most significant historical event of all time as recounted by the gospels but equally as depicted by the greatest artists in history.  From the triumphant to the savage the ethereal to the tactile some of western civilization’s greatest artworks focus on this pivotal moment. This beautifully crafted film explores the Easter story as depicted in art from the time of the early Christians to the present day.  Shot on location in Jerusalem United States and throughout Europe the film explores the different ways artists have depicted the Easter story through the ages and thus depicts the history of us all.
607710 She was a prolific self-portraitist using the canvas as a mirror through all stages of her turbulent and at times tragic life. This highly engaging film takes us on a journey through the life of one of the most prevalent female icons: Frida Kahlo. Displaying a treasure trove of colour and a feast of vibrancy on screen this personal and intimate film offers privileged access to her works and highlights the source of her feverish creativity her resilience and her unmatched lust for life men women politics and her cultural heritage.
608057 Envying Alice follows four twenty-something friends in their search for acceptance happiness and fulfillment with love and life. Filled with comedic highs and dramatic lows Envying Alice explores human emotions as each character attempts to connect with each other and find their true place in the world. Mike is an introverted yet friendly character from a wholesome upbringing that has to deal with a dissolved engagement with long-time high school girlfriend Michelle before entering college. As he begins college and mends his broken heart he meets edgy Luke. Luke is from a very troubled family who characterizes his success based on his number of sexual conquests. Mike and Luke begin an unlikely friendship that is based more on companionship than trust and respect. They befriend two female characters who already have a strong compassionate relationship in place - Laney and Em. While Laney is a bit brash and outspoken her realistic approach is welcomed and appreciated.
"608512 A group of ""Ghost Hunters"" coming back from an old ghost town and a bachelorette party returning home from Las Vegas stumble across the ""Clown Motel"" located in the middle of nowhere. Though no one is there to greet them the two groups decide to stay for the evening. After a wild night of partying they awake to find their vehicles sabotaged leaving them stranded left to discover if this motel is truly abandoned or if it is home to souls of the clowns who once lived there."
"608675 Def Comedy Jam played host to some of the greatest comedians of the 1990s many of whom went on to greater fame due in part to the exposure they received on the program. Here Mark Curry and Steve Harvey both show off some comic chops that that could never air on their respective network TV shows though Harvey has shown this side of himself in Spike Lee's excellent THE ORIGINAL KINGS OF COMEDY. Rounding out the performers are Don ""D.C."" Curry (NEXT FRIDAY) and Arnez J. Contains two episodes."
608687 A dream team of sports celebrities and comedians join megastars Shaquille O’Neal and Jamie Foxx to roast NFL superstar Emmitt Smith at the world famous MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas Nevada. Shaq and Jamie are joined by an all star-studded line up including: Mo’nique Guy Torry Joe Torry Jeff Ross Michael Coylar Jimmy Johnson Michael Irvin Dick Gregory Stuart Scott Daryl Johnston and more! No one was safe when this outrageous group took the stage. They showed no mercy for Emmitt Shaq or each other. Hilariously funny unconventional and irreverent Shaq’s All-Star Comedy Roast II is 90 minutes of non-stop laughter!
609207 Born and raised in Faridkot Farid Singh Brar loves his homeland and spends his time between farming and hanging out with his best friend Maddi. Farid`s mother is frustrated by his aimless lifestyle and gives him an ultimatum to emigrate to Canada. A disheartened Farid prays at the dargah to grant him one wish: to somehow let him remain in Faridkot. The next morning he wakes up to find his wish granted. The only problem is that the Faridkot he ended up in is a village in Pakistan! What follows forms the crux of the comedy Munda Faridkotia.
609354 Four best friends from boarding school decide to attend a massive blow-out High School graduation party on Block Island. After missing the last ferry they decide to hire a fishing boat to take them on what should be a simple journey. What they get is the trip from hell with a captain and his first mate that have no intention of taking the kids to Block Island putting them into a fight to survive and to simply make it back to land... any land.
609681 Carol Danvers aka Captain Marvel has reclaimed her identity from the tyrannical Kree and taken revenge on the Supreme Intelligence. But unintended consequences see Carol shouldering the burden of a destabilized universe. When her duties send her to an anomalous wormhole linked to a Kree revolutionary her powers become entangled with that of Jersey City super-fan Kamala Khan aka Ms. Marvel and Carol’s estranged niece now S.A.B.E.R. astronaut Captain Monica Rambeau. Together this unlikely trio must team up and learn to work in concert to save the universe.
610553 They're cute they're happy they're cuddly they love life and they die in the most gruesome ways - every single episode. Meet Cuddles the rabbit Flakey the dandruff-ridden porcupine Sniffles the brainy anteater Lumpy the moose Toothy the beaver Giggles the Chipmunk Handy the handless carpenter beaver Petunia the sweet-smelling skunk Nutty the glass-eyed sweets-loving squirrel Splendid the flying super-squirrel Russell the pirate the ever-dancing Disco Bear Flippy the war veteran bear with constant flashbacks Pop the pipe-smoking father bear and his cub Cub Lifty the kleptomaic raccoon Shifty his partner in crime and of course the Mole - also blind as one. Together they experience life at its worst in their cute little world. And they teach us all a lesson of what can go wrong no matter how cute you are or how hard you try.
610593 Nam is a small-time radio producer eager to be hottest producer in town. Nam promotes washed-up singer Kenny to gain public awareness and support. Kenny's loony stunts and bizarre diva-like behavior make him the talk of the town and with Nam in tow the two dominate the airwaves. They're called upon to host a countdown show. However before the show goes on air program manager Yiu asks that either Kenny be removed from the program or Nam will lose his job.
610643 One single Anne Frank moves us more than the countless others who suffered just as she did but whose faces have remained in the shadows-Primo Levi. The Oscar®-winning Helen Mirren will introduce audiences to Anne Frank's story through the words in her diary. The set will be her room in the secret refuge in Amsterdam reconstructed in every detail by set designers from the Piccolo Theatre in Milan. Anne Frank this year would have been 90 years old. Anne's story is intertwined with that of five Holocaust survivors teenage girls just like her with the same ideals the same desire to live: Arianna Szörenyi Sarah Lichtsztejn-Montard Helga Weiss and sisters Andra and Tatiana Bucci. Their testimonies alternate with those of their children and grandchildren.
610706 He was the musical icon whose talent was only eclipsed by his fame. Michael Jackson’s every move made headlines and whether it was his cart topping music his eccentric lifestyle or his ever-changing appearance people couldn’t get enough of the King of Pop who died suddenly at the age of 50. Dogged by accusations of child molestation in life that were unproven in court controversy reignited a decade after his death with the release of a stunning documentary. The Michael Jackson Story takes a look at the life and career of the King of Pop and where his legacy now stands.
"611286 ""To Have and to Hold"" centers on Alice who still can't believe her high school crush the dashing wealthy and successful Joe Chambers would choose to marry her and willingly allows him to mold her into his ideal socialite wife. Despite Alice's best efforts to be the woman of Joe's dreams he can't help but be unfaithful to her. When Joe's indiscretions impact his career Alice's life is further turned upside down. Alice unexpectedly finds herself falling for her best friend's boyfriend and begins to wonder if her fairy tale ending could exist after all."
611605 When Sarah lucks into a sweet one-bedroom at Asilo Del Mar Apartments in Los Angeles she thinks she's hit the jackpot. It's got plenty of space friendly tenants group BBQs and even a cute neighbour next door. All is not what it seems: loud noises start keeping her awake at night; her cat is missing; everyone seems to be a little too helpful and friendly except for the weirdo Lester. Soon Sarah learns she didn't choose this apartment — it chose her.
611606 At a small New York theatre an ageing magician comes up with a devilish plan to save his piece of old New York by invoking some real black magic. Harsh realities and fantastic illusions come together in BLACK MAGIC FOR WHITE BOYS Onur Tukel’s latest film a bizarre comic adventure about gentrification race and bodily autonomy in New York City. With over 50 minutes of new footage Tukel has completely reworked a project initially presented in 2017 as a four-episode series at Tribeca into a gnarly and charmingly weird dark comedy. Balancing edgy misanthropy with a strain of silly sweetness this is an intimate low-budget parable about the changing face of New York City.
611609 Brought to life through archival material and the reflections of over 40 colleagues friends and fans BLOOD & FLESH is much more than the story of a moviemaking life most unusual. It beautifully captures the worlds of outsider filmmaker communities that existed in California in the ’70s and the weird ways they intersected with Hollywood mainstream and union indies. On Adamson shoots regular Orson Welles crew and cinematographers like Gary Graver Vilmos Szigmond and Lazlo Kovaks worked alongside Bud Cardos — and at one point Charles Manson! Director David Gregory (founder of Severin Films director of LOST SOUL: THE DOOMED JOURNEY OF RICHARD STANLEY’S ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU) spent years making this film speaking to everyone down to the cops who investigated Adamson’s murder vividly encapsulating both a bold life and tragic demise with alien conspiracies go-go dancers and Colonel Sanders coming in along the way. If you’ve got even a passing interest in cinema you want to see this
612051 Coyote Lake is a reservoir on the Rio Grande along a dangerous drug smuggling route that has become synonymous with cartel violence and mysterious disappearances.  It is there on the lake that Teresa and her seventeen-year-old daughter Ester run a boarding house where they routinely drug rob and drown the unsuspecting drug-runners and human traffickers who stay the night.  Teresa justifies the killings to her daughter claiming they are ridding the world of bad people and saving the stolen money to leave Coyote Lake and start anew. But when they are taken hostage themselves by two intruding cartel gangsters their dark routine is interrupted.
612089 Hailey throws puppy parties and meets Ryan whose daughter wants a dog and her dad to remarry. Though smitten with each other Ryan and Hailey are at odds since he’s developing a mall where she wants a dog park. Still they grow close and Ryan even helps when Hailey’s neighbor tries to shut down her business. But soon Hailey fears she’s barking up the wrong romantic tree when Ryan grows distant. Refocusing her efforts on a dog sanctuary Hailey is suddenly asked to throw a puppy party that might result in a forever home for her dogs and her heart.
612308 Gabby Ferrar moves to the town of Bright Shore Massachusetts to open a restaurant after a stint as a sous chef in New York. Upon arrival she encounters Caleb Delaney a single father who runs his own restaurant and coaches the girls’ softball team. Both restaurants will compete in the Taste of Summer Food Festival hosted in Bright Shore. During the course of the summer Gabby finds joy in running her own restaurant as she rediscovers her passion and gets to know Caleb.
612577 Born to Korean immigrant parents freed from indentured servitude in early twentieth century Mexico Jerónimo Lim Kim joins the Cuban Revolution with his law school classmate Fidel Castro and becomes an accomplished government official in the Castro regime until he rediscovers his ethnic roots and dedicates his later life to reconstructing his Korean Cuban identity. After Jerónimo's death younger Korean Cubans recognize his legacy but it is not until they are presented with the opportunity to visit South Korea that questions about their mixed identity resurface.
612654 A vivid journey into the mysterious subterranean world of mycelium and its fruit— the mushroom. A story that begins 3.5 billion years ago fungi makes the soil that supports life connecting vast systems of roots from plants and trees all over the planet like an underground Internet.  Through the eyes of renowned mycologist Paul Stamets professor of forest ecology Suzanne Simard best selling author Michael Pollan food naturalist Eugenia Bone and others we experience the power beauty and complexity of the fungi kingdom.
612884 In November 2018 The Doobie Brothers returned to the Beacon Theatre for the first time in 25 years to perform two of their landmark albums Toulouse Street and The Captain And Me. Both audio and video of that special performance are now set for release on June 28. This historic performance at the Beacon offered an opportunity for Doobie fans to hear deep cuts and songs never-before performed live by the band such as “Mamaloi” “O’Connelly Corners” “Ukiah” and “The Captain And Me.” The show begins with the 10 songs from the group’s second studio album Toulouse Street. Originally released in 1972 it’s been certified platinum. Several of the band’s most popular songs first appeared on the album including “Jesus Is Just Alright” and “Listen To The Music” the latter presented here with a brand new arrangement featuring horns.
612924 Billy Harvey bought a gold 1981 Mercedes diesel on EBay in 14 seconds. Soon after he converted it to run on waste vegetable oil. Now the unconventional and environmentally friendly singer/songwriter is taking it on a tour across America. The plan is to travel all 7000 plus miles on waste vegetable oil. What follows is a near epic journey of endurance and self-discovery that is both beautiful and at times harrowing. Filmed entirely on his laptop camera Harvey intimately chronicles this fantastic adventure of spirit. From crossing the continental divide on a sheet of ice to digging through oil dumpsters in the freezing cold to all night drives deprived of any sleep. You will laugh you will cry you will be kinder to your french fries...and maybe YOURSELF.
613260 Eddie Huntly an east coast radio personality moves to San Francisco to marry Thea the sister of his best friend Neil a successful entrepreneur. Shortly before Eddie's arrival Neil is found murdered in what the police surmise was a simple mugging gone awry. As the sullen Eddie steps in as interim host of his old friend Dean's late-night talk-radio show he obsessively makes regular visits to the forested spot where Neil's corpse was found. One such visit unleashes a chain of unpredictable events that sends Eddie snooping into the life of a sleepwalking drifter with a mysterious past.
613281 South Africa’s wealth and white privilege has been funded by large scale maiming and killing of people by the gold mining industry.  Today gold miner communities across Southern Africa have nothing to show for the wealth they produced except extreme rural underdevelopment and the world’s worst epidemic of TB and silicosis.  Through testimonies from communities in mining families throughout Southern Africa and extensive use of contrasting archive materials DYING FOR GOLD tells the story of how we have arrived at this extraordinary situation. DYING FOR GOLD brings to the surface the real cost of South
"613357 G.T. Benz a Viet Nam vet and recent widower tries to cope with the problems of aging and loneliness -- while beset by an aggressive robo-caller. The tedium and aggravations in his life are only relieved by a weekly get-together with his old 'Nam buddies ex-fighter pilots like himself. He joyfully looks forward to a promised visit from his long absent daughter ""Tricia"" whom he describes as ""my only reason for living."" A poor prognosis from his doctor gives urgency to his desire to see her at least one more time. However Tricia unaware of G.T.'s state of health keeps putting off her visit. Meanwhile a 'Nam buddy dies and the robocalls become more intense. When a manipulative woman emerges from G.T.'s past his life is thrown into chaos and he is driven to a desperate act."
614372 A team of satellite technicians enter the woods to repair a communication station but they are forced to rescue the crew of an airplane that crashed near a lake. They quickly realise that something may be coming from the lake that is affecting their minds and the passing of time. As they lose their inhibitions their most primal desires take hold. Lured on by the unseen entity it seems that only one of the team is permitted to bond with it and so be reborn in a new physical body. A terrifying game of strategy not to survive but rather to die with the promise of life anew.
614630 Dalia and her two young sisters grow up in a pagan apocalyptic cult led by an ancient Baltic goddess of death and reincarnation. On the night of an important cult ritual a police raid rescues Dalia as cult members flee with her two sisters. Years later as the guilt eats away at her Dalia finds a potential link to the cult through a prominent and despised black metal artist sequestered in the woods. Dalia journeys to find her sisters but her quest for the truth becomes a descent into Hell.
614924 Westside Barbell is essentially what would happen if the Hell's Angels traded in their Harley Davidsons for squat racks and chalk. It is a collection of some of the strongest and scariest people to ever walk the earth. The atmosphere inside the cinder block walls has been described as a prison yard weight pile. Fights and cussing are part of the charm as are tattoos and facial hair. The environment is brutal and wears quick on lifters with thin skin. Every day at Westside its dog eat dog. It's a proven recipe for world records (over 140 and counting) but is it worth the price of the pain? When the weights are big enough to kill how far would you go for a number?
615535 A triumph of human spirit a rendition of guts and blood a tale of good Samaritans of Faridabad story of a small town girl winning against odds both personal and external. Tale of a girl tennis player who dares to liberate herself from the chains of her tennis obsessed Coach cum father  only to get trapped in the male dominated society of Haryana.Victim of her father's long standing animosity with the antagonist she emerges unscathed  accomplishing her stated goal of fetching redemption for her father. A father daughter relationship in midst of a savage gender disparity and depicted among the settings of the glorious game of tennis.
615774 Scooby-Doo and his pals win an all-expense paid vacation and embark on a trip of a lifetime to a tropical paradise. Their destination however turns out to be Zombie Island. As soon as they arrive they realize the place looks strangely familiar and is reminiscent of a trip they took years ago in which they became wrapped up in a mystery involving zombies. The gang soon learns that their trip to paradise comes with a price when the zombies re-emerge and attack their hotel. Will Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. gang finally solve the mystery behind Zombie Island?
615955 In this special edition of Globe Trekker Chinatown Lavinia Tan Justine Shapiro and Megan McCormick travel worldwide to explore the magic and mystery of Chinatowns across the globe. Lavinia Tan begins the journey in Malaysia and Singapore where overseas traders led the earliest migrations of Chinese people. The journey continues from there to the United States where Justine Shapiro visits San Francisco. Megan McCormick explores New York s Lower East Side home to the largest Chinatown in the Western Hemisphere. After a short trip to London s Soho district Lavinia Tan ends this journey with a visit to Hong Kong exploring the world famous film industry and the 21st century migration of Chinese back to their homeland.
616149 Philip Glass’ opera “Akhnaten” premiered in Stuttgart in 1984 forms the third part of the portrait opera trilogy about personalities who have influenced the course of human history. The conclusion of the trilogy deals with the ancient Egyptian pharaoh Akhenaten who attempted to establish a kind of monotheistic cult around the god Aton during his reign in the 14th century BC but failed due to the resistance of the priesthood. The production presented here was undoubtedly one of the very great successes of the 2019/20 season at New York’s Metropolitan Opera due not only to the outstanding cast of singers (led by countertenor Anthony Roth Costanzo) but also to Phelim McDermott’s imaginative staging which captivates with sometimes breathtaking imagery.
616150 In August 2008 25 climbers from several international expeditions converged on high camp of K2 the final stop before the summit of the most dangerous mountain on earth. 48 hours later 11 had been killed or simply vanished making it the deadliest day in mountaineering history. In a century of assaults on K2 only about 300 people have ever seen the view from the planet's second highest peak. More than a quarter of those who made it didn't live long enough to share the glory. At the heart of this documentary lies a mystery about one extraordinary Irishman Ger McDonnell. At the very limit of his physical resources he faced a heartbreaking dilemma. Through recreations archive and home movie footage and interviews with survivors and families the film creates a forensic vivid version of events that is emotive engrossing and at times deeply shocking.
616584 Cry Baby a strong and sensitive girl is sent off to a disturbing sleepaway school that’s hidden underneath a grandiose faēade. Luckily she has a sweet and unapologetic best friend who sticks up for her when she gets bullied by the other students whose brains are under control by the Principal and his wicked staff. With the help of the magical friends they meet along the way as well as an Angelic Spirit Guide they are able to gain the strength they need to fight off the school’s belligerent patriarchal conditioning.
616696 A real-time reconstruction of time-lapse photographs taken on board the International Space Station by NASA’s Earth Science & Remote Sensing Unit. The film is scored with musical selections from three albums by Phaeleh (producer Matt Preston): Lost Time Illusion of the Tale and Somnus. The music directly influenced the choice of material used in the film. The film's duration is approximately the length of time it takes ISS to orbit the Earth once: 92 minutes and 39 seconds. Meditate on the beauty of our planet.
616961 Ryan a small time criminal on the run after a diamond heist gone wrong is caught breaking into a cottage by its owner Mrs Potter; a bitter unsociable and self isolated old lady who has just been given a month to live. Although from very different worlds the two realise they can help each other and agree to spend the month together; it's a hasty decision that turns into the most extraordinary month of both their lives. A month that changes everything...
617770 Who were the men and women of Project Apollo? Where are they today? What do they think of the extraordinary effort they helped make possible? Coinciding with the 50th anniversary of the first moon landing in 2019 When We Were Apollo is an intimate and personal look at the Apollo Space Program through the lives and experiences of some of its most inspiring behind-the-scenes figures: engineers technicians builders and contractors who spent the better part of a decade working to get us to the moon and back.
618163 When Mickey burst onto the scene in the classic Steamboat Willie he not only stole our hearts but went on to bring joy to generations. This collection from Walt Disney Animation Studios celebrates Mickey’s cartoon legacy with favorites spanning nearly a century including Brave Little Tailor Pluto’s Party Get A Horse! and more.  13 Short Films: Steamboat Willie The Brave Little Tailor Pluto’s Party Get a Horse The Band Concert Mickey’s Rival Thru the Mirror Boat Builders Mickey’s Trailer Tugboat Mickey The Little Whirlwind Mickey’s Birthday Party The Simple Things
619174 Live at the Hard Rock Cafe is the second live DVD released by UK singer Melanie C. Filmed in 2008 at the Hard Rock Café in Manchester it features Melanie performing a selection of songs from her first four albums. Fans from all over the world came not only to see Melanie perform but also to help raise money for Hard Rock Cafe's yearly fundraiser Pinktober. Already five months pregnant Melanie performed a selection of her greatest hits along with some personal favourites during a 75-minute set. Filmed with just three camcorders this film captures the raw intensity of this special acoustic event.
"619761 ""61: Highway to Hell"" tells the story of Richter Scale a talentless LA based rock band desperate for fame and fortune. They are on the verge of breaking up when their manager convinces them that the only thing standing between them and glory is a pact with the devil. So they borrow an RV and head out for the infamous crossroads of Mississippi.-- But with questions looming: Will the devil actually show up to meet them there? And more importantly will he even want their souls?"
619915 Michael is a tortured Irishman living with his wife Emma in America. Perpetually down on his luck he has projected his life’s misfortune onto a stranger a man who changed his life in a tragic incident nearly thirty years earlier. A shadowy figure he saw for only a fleeting moment. But tonight through a chance encounter he believes he’s found the man who ruined his life. And he’s going to make him pay.  But does he have the right man?
619988 An original drama from the world of BBCtv's Doctor Who featuring Sil the ruthless alien entrepreneur from planet Thoros Beta played by Nabil Shaban.  Sil is worried very worried which doesn't keep his reptilian skin in the best condition! Confined in a cold detention cell on the moon awaiting a deportation hearing for trial on drugs offences on Earth he faces a death sentence if the application is successful and he is found guilty. And his employers at the Universal Monetary Fund aren t pleased either. Not at all.  As time runs out and friends desert him Sil must use all of his devious vile underhanded ruthless and amoral business acumen to survive. Can he possibly slime his way out of this one?
620058 Crystal is a Texan orphan with a horrible and tragic past. Her parents ritually abuse her but one night strange lights appear outside her home and she blacks out to awake and find them brutally murdered. A few years later when she is a young adult Crystal flees her Orphanage believing that other worldly forces are after her. Arriving at a remote ranch she is discovered by a family who are forced to protect her and discover that alien paranormal phenomena is real
620138 A 5 part film that deals with a variety of subjects and themes such as isolation mental illness and the subjectivity of reality. Something integral to the point of this overall series is visualizing and externalizing different characters' worldviews through what visual medium is being used and how their view of the world is presented & establishing an internal visual and aural vernacular inside the series of films that make certain subtle aspects make sense to people who are paying attention. The 5 different parts can all be viewed individually and are meant to make sense on their own but when viewed together and in sequence bring a different and more interesting context to each of the pieces.
620142 The Hip-Hop Nucleus is a documentary on the world famous Tunnel nightclub of New York City. The Tunnel was the club most people feared to enter due to the constant violence sex and drugs. The Tunnel opened in early 1992 by Peter Gatien. In 1994 promoters Jessica Rosenblum and Chris Lighty began promoting a Hip-Hop parties on Sunday’s called Mecca. In 1996 Franchise Entertainment took over the Sunday night and this was during the Golden Era of Hip-Hop and the Tunnel became a Hip-Hop Nucleus as it birthed a lot of today’s multi platinum artist who went on to become Grammy winners CEO’s entrepreneurs and even moguls. Artist such as Sean “Jay-Z” Carter Sean “Diddy” Combs Jermaine Dupri Andre “Dr. Dre” Smith Snoop Dogg and DJ Funkmaster Flex to name a few. One of the Tunnel past bouncers was Vin Diesel.
620561 Before meeting George Good Sonny Jordan was just a lost drifter with a troubled past floating from town to town looking for work. As fate would have it Sonny ends up saving George's life from a murderous back-alley mugger. As thanks George gives Sonny a home and a job as a mechanic on his farm in the lonely Louisiana Bayou. Sonny quickly settles in and makes himself useful around the place but then Sonny meets Larissa George's alluring wife. She has a mysterious past and the two are irresistibly drawn to each other. The two begin a passionate affair leading them to construct a twisted plot to take George's life in cold blood in order to be together. As their despicable plan unravels they learn how far they are willing to go to cover their misdeed.
620696 What an incredible season for The Blues they've dazzled with their flair and determination defeated some of the biggest and best clubs in Europe and topped all of this by winning the much coveted FA Cup! Featuring EVERY goal from the Premiership Champions League and FA Cup including the 3-1 defeat of Barcelona and the 5-0 defeat of Manchester United. Introduced by Ray Wilkins 'From Stamford Bridge to Wembley Via Nou Camp and San Siro' includes interviews with many of the Chelsea favourites including: Zola Poyet Petrescu Weah Morris Wise and manager Gianluca Vialli. Join the Blues with an EXCLUSIVE behind the scenes FA Cup feature from the post match dressing room celebrations to riding on the team bus after the match and for the Sunday parade you can go where the television cameras couldn't!
620699 This was the season Chelsea were preparing a Championship challenge. Instead it was a season of unforeseen drama. Follow it here with every goal every anguish and ultimately every achievement. Action and interviews abound. See Chelsea win the Charity Shield and part with manager Gianluca Vialli after five Premiership games. See Chelsea score huge home wins over Liverpool Coventry Tottenham Derby and Bradford while at the same time losing seven consecutive away games. See the emergence of tomorrow's Chelsea with new manager Claudio Ranieri brining through John Terry Sam Dalla Bona and Carlo Cudicini. See Chelsea's first premiership Golden Boot winner Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink. All his 23 League goals are here. And see old favourites like Dennis Wise and Gianfranco Zola joined by new favourites like Eidur Gudjohnsen. Feel the anguish. Defeats in the three Cups before the semi-final stage. Enjoy the regeneration. A new team still qualifying for the UEFA Cup.
620914 Chelsea enjoyed our best run of form for some time in 2002-03 finishing fourth in the Premiership with a memorable last day of the season victory against fellow Champions League hopefuls Liverpool. However this was not just a late flurry from Claudio Ranieri's quality west London side. Two memorable goal-rich cup runs took the Blues to the quarter-finals of both the Worthington and FA Cups dismissed only by Manchester United and Arsenal after a replay. The season saw some of the best performances of his life from Chelsea's veteran striker Gianfranco Zola who defied all records and expectations with cheeky free-kicks and several spectacular acrobatic goals. Goalkeeper Carlo Cudicini won plaudits for the consistently brilliant performances that proved he is surely Chelsea's finest keeper since Peter Bonetti. Frank Lampard too demonstrated week in week out the excellent England midfield form of which Chelsea fans have always believed him capable.
620917 In a glorious finish to the race for the Premiership crown Chelsea thumped arch-rivals and nearest challengers Manchester United 3-0 to win back-to-back titles for the first time in their history. The party could finally begin! In their Centenary season Jose Mourinho's men were in a league of their own and left their rivals trailing in their wake. The mighty Blues scored more and conceded fewer goals than any other team in the country and Stamford Bridge became a fortress with only two points dropped at home all season. Led by the colossal John Terry Chelsea proved they were not one-season wonders and are a force to be reckoned with in world football. From the opening victory against Wigan Athletic to the trip to Newcastle United every game and every goal from the season will be featured in this feast of action packed football. This programme will remind all fans why Chelsea are the champions!
621191 Blue Story is a tragic tale of a friendship between Timmy and Marco two young boys from opposing postcodes. Timmy a shy smart naive and timid young boy from Deptford goes to school in Peckham where he strikes up a friendship with Marco a charismatic streetwise kid from the local area. Although from warring postcodes the two quickly form a firm friendship until it is tested and they wind up on rival sides of a street war. Blue Story depicts elements of Rapman's own personal experiences and aspects of his childhood.
621433 The wicked fairy Carabosse is furious she wasn’t invited to Princess Aurora’s christening. She gives the baby a spindle saying that one day the Princess will prick her finger on it and die. The Lilac Fairy makes her own christening gift a softening of Carabosse’s curse: Aurora will not die but will fall into a deep sleep which only a prince’s kiss will break. The masterful 19th-century choreography of Marius Petipa is combined with sections created for The Royal Ballet by Frederick Ashton Anthony Dowell and Christopher Wheeldon. Recorded live as part of the Royal Opera House Live Cinema Season 2019/20 with encore screenings broadcast online during the #OurHousetoYourHouse programme.
621546 Once more Chelsea finished the season in triumph as they turned Baku blue. The euphoric Europa League victory over Arsenal ensured a 10th major trophy in 10 years. No English side has enjoyed more success in the last decade. It crowned a campaign that witnessed the Blues return to Premier League prominence as they delivered some stunning displays. Maurizio Sarri's side when all the way to Wembley beating Liverpool and Tottenham before penalties cruelly denied them in the Carabao Cup Final against Manchester City. Cesar Azpilicueta proved the inspirational on-pitch leader of a team that combined the quality and experience of World Cup winners N'Golo Kante and Olivier Giroud with the exciting young talents of Callum Hudson-Odoi and Ruben Loftus-Cheek. As ever Eden Hazard was at his beguiling brilliant best reaching a century of goals for the Club.
621551 Chelsea have developed that winning habit of ending the season in glory. The Blues' eighth FA Cup triumph arrived in a campaign which once again delivered excitement in abundance. There was class craft and commitment throughout Antonio Conte's side. From the wizardry of Eden Hazard to the non-stop dynamic displays of N'Golo Kante and the all-action performances from Marcos Alonso which earned him a place in the PFA Team of the Year there was rarely opportunity to take breath. Established stars Thibaut Courtois Willian and Cesc Fabregas lined up alongside new boys Antonio Rudiger Alvaro Morata and Olivier Giroud as Chelsea approached a new era. There was drama from start to finish in a season full of unforgettable moments that began and ended in Wembley with victory over Manchester United confirming a fourth major honour in four years.
622121 The 2010/11 season proved a rollercoaster journey for everyone involved at Chelsea FC. The club fought for the greatest honours both domestically and abroad in a thrilling season that ultimately ended in disappointment but not without some unforgettable moments that will be cherished by the players and fans. The season began with a bang. The team started in scintillating fashion winning their first six games with a flurry of goals as they romped to the top of the table. But ultimately a mid-season slump in form cost the Blues. There was also heartbreak in the Champions League and a penalty loss to Everton in The FA Cup but the manner in which Chelsea pushed Manchester United right to the wire means that the 2011/12 season promises to be a memorable one! Every match and every goal from this season are covered in this action-packed review.
622126 After an eventful season Chelsea fans were once again able to enjoy the sweet taste of success. Having already won the Champions League and Cup Winners' Cup Chelsea's Europa League glory this season made them the first English side to join the elite band of clubs who have completed the European treble. Throughout the season Chelsea contested 8 different trophies and played in a record-breaking number of matches (69!). Memorable results included reaching the semi-finals in both the FA Cup and League Cup as well as clinching an automatic Champions League spot following a tense battle for 3rd place between three London rivals. The 2012/13 season also saw Frank Lampard rewrite club history yet again by surpassing Bobby Tambling and becoming the all-time leading goalscorer with 203 goals; a record that will likely stand for many years to come.
622135 The most dominant team in Premier League history. That's what the stats say as Chelsea stormed to their fifth title with a record-breaking run in pole position. Manager José Mourinho assembled a squad that combined devastating attacking invention with ruthless determination in defence. Irresistible force and immovable object. Among the highlights of a memorable campaign were the genius of Eden Hazard and the flair of Oscar and Willian complemented by the driving force up front of Diego Costa and the midfield mastery of Cesc Fąbregas. Nemanja Matic a colossus in front of the best defence in the country led by the indomitable skipper John Terry whose consistently outstanding performances have rolled back the years. Ten years on from José's first incredible season in charge the Blues replicated that double triumph by also capturing the Capital One Cup at Wembley against London rivals Tottenham Hotspur. The foundations have been well and truly re-laid.
622142 It was another season full of drama at Stamford Bridge and although it didn't all go our way there were plenty of memories to savour. Whether it was Willian's set-piece perfection or Eden Hazard's late flurry of goals the Blues provided glorious moments during a challenging campaign. Once again London rivals Arsenal were beaten home and away while the second-half comeback against Tottenham will live long in the memory of any Chelsea fan. Additionally further breakthroughs from a host of youngsters offered Blues fans glimpses of a bright future.
622637 Thami has recently lost his job at a top firm following accusations of fraudulent activities. This is the last straw for his wife Noluthando who fearing a drop in her standard of living abandons her marriage taking their daughter Lerato with her.  Thami is desperate to maintain a relationship with his daughter while Noluthando does everything in her power to ensure that Thami is denied access to Lerato.  After exhausting all known avenues and desperate to be reunited with his daughter Thami kidnaps Lerato from school intending to flee Johannesburg for Kimberley by bus. This is an ill-conceived move which angers Noluthando and puts him on a collision course with the law.  Thami’s actions put his life that of Lerato and their fellow passengers in danger and leads to a high-stakes hostage situation on the bus.  Then a shot rings out…
623283 In both amateur and professional sports being gay remains taboo. Few dare to come out of the closet for fear of being stigmatized and for many the pressure to perform is compounded by a further strain: whether or not to affirm their sexual identity. Standing on the Line takes a fresh and often moving look at some of our gay athletes who share their experiences with the camera. They’ve set out to overcome prejudice in the hopes of changing things for the athletes of tomorrow.
"623342 William Hart McNichols is a world renowned artist heralded by Time magazine as ""among the most famous creators of Christian iconic images in the world"". As a young Catholic priest from 1983-1990 he was immersed in a life-altering journey working as a chaplain at St. Vincent's AIDS hospice in New York city. It was during this time that he became an early pioneer for LGBT rights within the Catholic church. ""The Boy Who Found Gold"" is a cinematic journey into the art and spirit of William Hart McNichols. The film follows his colorful life as he crosses paths with presidents popes martyrs and parishioners finding an insightful lesson with each encounter. McNichols' message as a priest artist and man speaks to the most powerful element of the human spirit: Mercy."
623383 Master Sergeant Victor Raphael is nearing the end of his military career when an explosion in Afghanistan leaves him injured. Back home he is thrust into battle once again but he hasn't been trained for this type of warfare. With his career behind him and painful physical therapy ahead he finds himself without a purpose and in a war with his own mind. Having spent years with an ocean between them his wife Michelle is distant and their marriage seems to be held together only by her sense of duty.  From leading troops into battle to being unable to leave the house Vic finds himself isolated in more ways than he ever thought possible until the unexpected happens. Through the help of two kids and some unlikely heroes Vic must face the trauma and the wounds on his soul to save his marriage and to help his fellow brother in need. To succeed he must discover the true source of strength and realize he can't do it alone if he is going to win this war and emerge STRONGER.
623394 Long time friends Vaughn (a devout hypochondriac) and Larry (a hapless and perpetually single romantic) have never met a challenge they haven't run from. When a chance encounter with a stranger leads to their finding themselves transported to an old west town in the 1870s they're forced into situations where failure appears to be a foregone conclusion. Terrified by change and even the hint of danger Vaughn and Larry are a given a task that must be completed within two weeks or risk never returning to their modern day reality. Given their built-in limitations a hilarious series of events ensue as they work to overcome their fears competing interests and they must do battle with an ill-tempered gunslinger in an effort to return home.
623568 Grab your hat buckle your seat belt and get ready to embark on a thrilling Quest For The Crystal Mickey. There's no time to lose after greedy Plunderin' Pete snatches the legendary Crystal Mickey statue from the Clubhouse. Without this sparkly statue's magic the Clubhouse will disappear forever! Can the world's most extraordinary hero Mickey get the magical statue back in time? Only with your help -- and the right Mouseketools -- can Mickey journey across the Sandy Desert brave the Rushing River and make his way through the Hidden Jungle. But watch out for Pete's trickiest traps! Packed with over two hours of laughter and surprises -- including four additional episodes -- this exciting high-stakes adventure is your ticket to nonstop fun!
624233 Chelsea finished third in the Premier League last season albeit a staggering 25 points behind second-placed Liverpool and started life under a new manager with club legend Frank Lampard taking the reins. With a transfer ban impacting the west Londoners' business and the Covid-19 pandemic causing unprecedented disruption mid-season Chelsea finished the domestic season narrowly losing the FA Cup final to Arsenal. Despite the disappointment a 4th place finish secured on the final day of the Premier League campaign guarantees the Blues will be playing Champions League football in the 2020/21 season.
"624417 Traces the long and ferocious rivalry between Coke and Pepsi centered on the ""New Coke"" debacle of 1985. For almost a hundred years Coke had been the undisputed leader in the multibillion dollar global soda industry--stodgy predictable but indisputably top dog--while Pepsi had been the upstart No. 2 forever poking at its big brother with cutting edge advertising. But in 1985 in a stranger-than-fiction twist Coca-Cola's executives took a step so daring that no one in either company could believe it: they changed the formula of the most popular beverage on the planet."
625155 Sordid Lives creator Del Shores’ new film of his one-man show directed by Emerson Collins proves once and for all that he is not a writer he’s a self-proclaimed thief! In Six Characters In Search Of A Play riffing on Pirandello’s classic title Shores brings to life six one-of-a-kind characters he has met in real life that haven’t quite made it into one of his plays films or TV shows. The audience will hear the truth behind how he collected these eccentrics and their stories as he portrays his hilarious off-the-rails encounters with them. The audience will meet Yvonne the anti-vegetarian Dallas waitress; Sarah a Trump-hating elderly actress with an inhaler in one hand and a cigarette in the other; Jimmy Ray the evolving Magic Mike-loving latent Georgia redneck; Loraine the once-brilliant drama teacher who has lost her damn mind and is now obsessed with porn; Marsha the monkey-hating lesbian with COPD; and Aunt Bobby Sue the racist Republican with a heart of gold.
625437 Clive de Roo scientist discovers a new source of seismic activity beneath the Gulf of Waitemata. Provides that a new volcanic eruption could occur within the next few days. But it's hard to convince skeptical colleagues undertook efforts to minimize the effects of this disaster. When the talks on the radio about the threat we all think he's a harmless lunatic. An ambitious wife of Clive fears however that the discovery of her husband may deter investors which would win for the company in which he works.
625512 Two brothers; Alama and Popo arrive for the first time in NZ as Seasonal Workers making plenty of money to take back home to their family in Samoa. But things take a turn for the worst when Popo steals Alamas' money and runs away. Alama is determined not to return home empty handed but the only relative that answers his call for help is Bob Titilo; an aspiring private investigator in his 40s. Alama begins to doubt his decision when Bob's unconventional methods take them on a wild goose chase. This New Action Comedy is brought to you by the Makers of hit Comedies; Three Wise Cousins and Hibiscus and Ruthless.
625629 Young bestselling author Eryn Bellow concludes her bookstore tour with her agent selling film rights and closing a six figure advance for her follow-up. Headwinds arise as critics get offended by the claims that Eryn is being declared a living literary legend. The storm gathers force as the assaults gravitate from bad reviews to a fake-memoir designed to obliterate her from the field. Through the noise Eryn attempts to write her way out of the public fray and reclaim her voice in the minds of her readers. Along the way she hopes to prove a happy ending is not always a bad thing.
625777 This documentary chronicles over two years in the heels of four of the world’s most famous drag queens including former RuPaul’s Drag Race winners Jinkx Monsoon and Sharon Needles former All Stars champion Alaska Thunderf*ck and season 7 and All Stars 2 contestant Katya Zamolodchikova. From performing across world stages to winning (and losing) Drag Race or dealing with major tragedies The Queens lifts the lace front giving an insight into one of the most fascinating and quickly ascending entertainment artforms.
626285 Every December in the small town of Ponchatoula Louisiana a wooden wishing box is placed in the park as a Christmas tradition. After a night out together Maddie encourages her sister Faith to put a wish in the box - a wish to experience true love for the first time. Faith and Maddie are surprised the next day when she meets the very handsome and eligible Andrew. As Christmas nears Faith begins to wonder if Andrew is really perfect for her or if the wish is leading her to her best friend Wyatt.
626299 The dairy farm Emily has been running since her father passed away has fallen on hard times. When Emily’s sister Dorothy and her handsome business partner Charlie show up with a proposition to sell the farm Emily comes up with an ingenious plan to buy out her sister's shares. She holds an online holiday ice cream flavor contest that goes viral with the help of a key ingredient Charlie's amazing apple pie. Still as the Christmas Eve deadline for the buyout approaches Emily needs a Christmas miracle to save the family farm and her father's legacy.
626301 As the Christmas party for a book publishing company approaches editor Maggie volunteers to help her boss Amanda find a date. Matchmaking is a bit of a hobby for Maggie but she is thrown off her game when Jaxson her old boyfriend from her college years shows up at her work — as a newly signed successful author. Maggie would love to deny she feels anything for him still but Jaxson isn’t making it easy. She’ll have to face her decisions of the past along with Amanda eyeing Jaxson to bring together the perfect matches at Christmas.
626307 Cate CEO of the Merry and Bright Candy Cane Company meets Gabe during the busy Christmas season. She assumes Gabe is the suitor her well-meaning mother is trying to set her up with when in reality he works for Empire Corporate Recovery which has been hired to take a closer look at Merry and Bright's operation and find ways to make the company more profitable. As Cate and Gabe begin to work together they find ways to elevate the business and find that they have more in common than savvy business sense.
"626452 Late 2003 the boys embarked on another mammoth arena tour of the UK taking in Sheffield Cardiff Birmingham Newcastle Glasgow Manchester and London's Wembley Arena. The Guilty Tour is Blue's most spectacular live show to date featuring all of the boys biggest hits and a few surprises along the way. Filmed at Wembley Arena in front of 12000 fans Antony Duncan Simon Lee and their live band take you through such show-stopping highlights as ""One Love"" ""All Rise"" and ""Too Close"". The set list also features songs from their double platinum third No 1 album ""Guilty"" including the hits ""Breathe Easy"" ""Signed Sealed Delivered I'm Yours"" and title track ""Guilty"" not to mention a memorable Michael Jackson medley that has to be seen to be believed."
626882 For Billie and Nico life with their father is a roller-coaster ride of playfulness and unease. When he is in the grip of alcohol tears flow and their apparently idyllic family life collapses. Their mostly absent and irresponsible mother is not much help either. But their friendship with Malik a boy of Billie’s age frees them from their shackles. Together they embark on a journey full of intense moments of freedom. The colourful emotional world of the three young people is depicted in kaleidoscopic black and white imagery which opens space for their own notions of childhood. Alexandre Rockwell's tale portrays a profound sense of solidarity and deep love: for cinema and Billie Holiday and also for risk and adventure.
627014 Judge Morgan has become known for his no-nonsense toughness in court. He rules fast and he rules hard barely noticing the person on the other end of his decisions. When he gets stuck in a cafe during a violent snow storm he is surprised to discover that two of the other customers stranded with him happen to be people recently in his court... with verdicts handed down that have made him very unpopular. As the night unfolds in the small cafe unexpected truth emerges from both sides that changes everything.
627158 Two time Rugby World Cup winner three-time international rugby player of the year all-time international leading points scorer winner of franchise rugby competitions in three continents BBC Sports Personality of the Year (underwear model?) – All Blacks legend Dan Carter is the biggest superstar in rugby history. Pitch Productions presents the story of Carter’s remarkable career and his quest to overcome the heartbreak of past tournaments to achieve glory in the 2015 Rugby World Cup. Interviews with Richie McCaw Jonny Wilkinson Beauden Barrett Carter’s family and many more provide an intimate insight into Carter the man and his journey from rural New Zealand to becoming the greatest number 10 of all time.
627943 Documentary Film which uses the letters and diaries of passenger Lady Grace Drummond-Hay and archival footage to document the Graf Zeppelin airship's circumnavigation of the globe in 1929. In 1928 Lady Drummond managed to secure a place aboard the Graf Zeppelin airship as it made its historic crossing of the North Atlantic in 1928. This was the first transatlantic commercial passenger flight.The Graf Zeppelin left Friedrichshafen in southern Germany in the early morning of October 11 1928. It arrived at Lakehurst New Jersey four days later with a flight time of 111 hours and 44 minutes.
628229 Everything seems to be going wrong for the Taylor family right now. Just as Alexa is starting work at her dream job she's overwhelmed by caring for her mother suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Her son Beau has just lost his professional football career to an injury and her daughter Ravyn needs help planning her last-minute wedding. Only with the support of friends and the guiding grace of their faith can the Taylors find the strength to cope with the tidal wave of drama and tragedy that is rolling over their lives.
"628399 Live performances:  01. Clenching The Fists Of Dissent (With Full Force 2008)  02. Now I Lay Thee Down (With Full Force 2008)  03. Halo (With Full Force 2008)  04. Aesthetics Of Hate (Rock In Rio 2008)  05. Davidian (Rock In Rio 2008)  06. Imperium (Download 2007)  07. Old (Download 2007)  08. A Thousand Lies (Burn My Eyes 10th Anniversary 2004)  09. The Rage To Overcome (Burn My Eyes 10th Anniversary 2004)  10. Death Church (Burn My Eyes 10th Anniversary 2004)  11. Blood For Blood (Burn My Eyes 10th Anniversary 2004)  Uncensored & Unedited Music Videos:  01. Halo  02. Now I Lay Thee Down  03. Aesthetics Of Hate  Plus a ""Making Of...."" feature for each video"
628914 Bored and frustrated suburban homemaker Connie and her best pal JoJo a vlogger with dreams turn a hobby into a multi-million-dollar counterfeit coupon caper. After firing off a letter to the conglomerate behind a box of cereal gone stale and receiving an apology along with dozens of freebies the duo hatch an illegal coupon club scheme that scams millions from mega-corporations and delivers deals to legions of fellow coupon clippers. On the trail to total coupon dominance a hapless Loss Prevention Officer from the local supermarket chain joins forces with a determined U.S. Postal Inspector in hot pursuit of these newly minted “Queenpins” of pink collar crime.
629585 The 11th Top Gear Special is a glorious celebration of the V8 engine or at least it was supposed to be.  In it Jeremy Clarkson Richard Hammond and James May take a trio of V8 powered sports cars for an epic and arduous 1600 mile road trip through the spectacular landscapes of Patagonia.  Along the way they encounter swamps deserts forests beaches and snowy mountain passes as the threesome and their often malfunctioning machines press on towards the southernmost city in the world and an impending game of car football. Unfortunately that's not quite how things turn out...
629704 What once seemed like an esoteric world now seems essential to our culture: the community of rare book dealers and collectors who in their love of the delicacy and tactility of books are helping to keep the printed word alive. D.W. Young’s elegant and entertaining documentary executive produced by Parker Posey is a lively tour of New York’s book world past and present from the Park Avenue Armory’s annual Antiquarian Book Fair where original editions can fetch hundreds of thousands of dollars; to the Strand and Argosy book stores still standing against all odds; to the beautifully crammed apartments of collectors and buyers. The film features a litany of special guests including Fran Lebowitz Susan Orlean Gay Talese and a community of dedicated book dealers who strongly believe in the wonder of the object and the everlasting importance of what’s inside.
630021 Bill and Kevin are joined onstage by the great Paul F. Tompkins and together they host and riff an amazing set of bizarre short films. The shorts cover every subject under the sun (y’know because “Day”) from workplace safety to childhood safety to sentient talking pillow safety. And that’s not all - we’ve got more guests riffing teams and legends galore! John Hodgman Frank Conniff & Trace Beaulieu Cole Stratton & Janet Varney and Bridget Nelson with Sean Thomason RiffTrax Senior Writer making his live riffing debut.
630054 Becky is an intelligent and sociable high school senior that flies heavily under the radar when it comes to receiving attention from the boys of her school. However this is the year it all flips around when she tries out and earns a uniform on the cheerleader squad lead by Ms. Flynn. Becky’s life is heading in the right direction when she catches the eye of the charming and handsome new student Rob. Rob seems like the ideal boy until his affection turns into obsession and he stops at nothing to keep Becky all to himself.
630109 In Cracked Up we witness the effects adverse childhood experiences can have across a lifetime through the incredible story of actor comedian master impressionist and Saturday Night Live veteran Darrell Hammond. Behind the scenes Darrell suffered from debilitating flashbacks self injury addiction and misdiagnosis until the right doctor isolated the key to unlocking the memories his brain kept locked away for over 50 years. Cracked Up director Michelle Esrick creates an inspiring balance between comedy and tragedy helping us understand the impact of toxic stress and childhood trauma in a new light breaking down barriers of stigma and replacing shame with compassion and hope.
631234 Winsor McCay was the first master of animation. This movie features every surviving film by this cinema pioneer with lovely piano score by famed composer Gabriel Thibaudeau.  Highlights in this collection include: Little Nemo (1911) Gertie the Dinosaur (1914) How A Mosquito Operates (1912) The Sinking Of The Lusitania (1918) The Centaurs (1918-21) Gertie On Tour (1918-21) Flip’s Circus (1918-21) Bug Vaudeville (1921) The Pet (1921) and The Flying House (1921).  DVD features a commentary by film historian John Canemaker and his charming documentary Remembering Winsor McCay.
632040 When college freshman Cassie earns a spot on the cheerleading squad she is overjoyed about the new friendships status and access to social events that come along with being on the team. When she meets Terry the charismatic President of the Alumni Association at an event Cassie finds herself falling for this older man despite their age difference. Terry even helps her out by paying part of her tuition when she falls on hard times. But all is not as it seems.
632065 Aspiring club promoters and best buds Damon and Kevin are barely keeping things together. Out of money down on their luck and about to lose the roofs over their heads—and freshly fired from their low-lift jobs as house cleaners—the pair needs a huge windfall to make their problems go away. In a ‘what the hell?’ move they decide to host the party of the year at an exclusive mansion the site of their last cleaning job which just happens to belong to none other than LeBron James. No permission? No problem. What could go wrong?
632322 It was a chance meeting started by one of Sol’s friends trying to chat up Jennifer. However in the end it was those two who hit it off. Sol enjoyed Jen’s smile her effort and how silly she could be. Jen enjoyed Sol’s cooking his athleticism and that he would join her in fun moments. As you can imagine love bloomed and things got serious. Jen’s investment in Sol led to her pushing him to follow his dreams and even move in to save money. Sol’s investment in Jen well it led to him proposing. But what started as a liver tumor grew into full-on cancer so with a diagnosis of 6 months to live Sol and Jennifer try to make the best of it.
632357 Alice is young hearing-impaired girl who after a supposed visitation from the Virgin Mary is inexplicably able to hear speak and heal the sick. As word spreads and people from near and far flock to witness her miracles a disgraced journalist hoping to revive his career visits the small New England town to investigate. When terrifying events begin to happen all around he starts to question if these phenomena are the works of the Virgin Mary or something much more sinister.
633074 The telefilm weaves a story between Noor played by Noor Khan and Waleed played by Asim Azhar. Whilst belonging to two different worlds the pair is shown to have a very similar nature. Both of them have step-parents and dwell in a state of inferiority waiting for something extraordinary to happen in their life.  As Waleed is trying tooth and nail to excel in his musical career Noor vies to be a doctor and struggles against the injustice of her stepmother.
633173 Christine McVie is undoubtedly the longest-serving female band member of any of the enduring rock ‘n’ roll acts that emerged from the 1960s. While she has never fronted Fleetwood Mac preferring to align herself with ‘the boys’ in the rhythm section whom she first joined 50 years ago Christine is their most successful singer-songwriter. Her hits include ‘Over My Head’ ‘Don’t Stop’ and ‘Everywhere’.  After massive global success in both the late 1970s and mid-1980s Christine left the band in the late 1990s quitting California and living in semi-retirement in Kent only to rejoin the band in 2013. In this 90-minute film this most English of singers finally gets to take centre-stage and tell both her story and the saga of Fleetwood Mac from her point of view.
633516 The planet is at war. And even though we're all engaged in the conflict it goes unnoticed. Lucas is young and lives only for the moment. As time passes he doesn't seem to notice that his eternal destiny is at stake. Immersed in his daily routine he's unaware that all things in this life do come to an end. He puts off the decision he must make. The last call is issued. The last chance is offered. Lucas makes up his mind. You too have a decision to make. In this war there is no neutral territory. The final battle has already begun.
633524 A desperate cop on the edge is obsessed over the fact that his beautiful but desperate wife is having an affair. At the same time he tracks a desperately shrewd bank robber who is falling in love with a desperately obsessed woman whose life he just saved from suicide. As if that's not enough he is also being blackmailed by two desperately unhinged street criminals who will stop at nothing to get their money. Time is running out for all of them as their worlds collide in in this intensely unique and desperately compelling and unpredictable thriller!
634233 Class Action Park explores the legend legacy and truth behind the 1980's water park in Vernon New Jersey that long ago entered the realm of myth. Known for its dangerous unsupervised rides and lack of regulation guests of Action Park expected to walk away with injuries and were lucky if they made it out alive. Shirking the trappings of nostalgia the film uses investigative journalism original animations  recordings and interviews with the people who lived it to reveal the true story of Action Park.
635679 Santa’s sleigh is stuck on the beach and only one creature can help him: The Ice Cream Bunny! Unfortunately the fire truck that the Ice Cream Bunny drives needs repairs so he’ll be a little late coming from Pirates World the run-down theme park that he lives in. We’d like to take this moment to remind you that yes this is a REAL movie that people ACTUALLY made. Filmed in front of a live audience at the historic Belcourt Theatre in Nashville Mike Kevin and Bill are delighted to inflict er present it LIVE for the very first time!
635887 Claire’s life as a nurse in a busy hospital is complicated by a supervisor who is intent on making her miserable with tedious and extra tasks. Claire’s only relief is the patients she treats and even that is not always a picnic. On a rare night off she attends a dance performance and gets trapped in an elevator with a charming man. There is an instant connection between them but as they are “rescued” from the elevator they are pulled away from each other before they can exchange names and numbers.
636132 Surprised at the loss of her innocence the young Inuk Elsa draws courage and strength from her rugged land to become a woman as independent as the restless river that cuts across it. She becomes the very young mother of a child whose surprising destiny breaks with the millennial traditions of her ancestors. Navigating the social norms of the colonizers and the reality of her own family situation the dreariness of a relationship that is not right for her and the rebellion of her teenage son Elsa’s path follows the winding course of the indomitable river that accompanies her every turn in life.
636271 Set in the late 90s Rustic Oracle is a dramatic feature about Ivy an 8-year-old girl trying to understand what happened to her big sister who has vanished from their small Mohawk community. With minimal clues Ivy and her mother Susan embark on an unwelcome journey to find Heather which will ultimately bring the pair closer together despite challenging circumstances. Behind the story of desperation told through the eyes of a child lies one of hope growth awakening and love.
636530 In Ramin Fahrenheit’s grindhouse psychodrama a young woman (Fatima Maziani) released from a mental hospital is drawn to a drug dealer she sees at the cinema they both frequent. These two outsiders come together; both of them are eager to escape their troubled pasts. One fateful evening however they plan to rob a married couple but when things get bloodier than expected it is revealed that the woman has a compulsion to kill. Plagued by visions and voices the titular killer queen attempts in vain to suppress her urges and the victims continue to pile up
636681 Before the days of elaborate Halloween costumes there were costumes in a box. Remember them? We seemingly all wore these costumes as kids. Now hear the story behind these costumes and the history of the big three companies that made them Ben Cooper Inc Halco and Collegeville. For years these costumes were a beloved Halloween institution dating back in the 1930s. In 1982 at the height of their popularity the first case of domestic terrorism shook the United States and threatened to cancel Halloween forever. In an effort to save the holiday the costume giants although rivals in business were forced to come together and unify or trick or treating would become extinct. Learn about various licenses including Star Wars Spiderman Batman Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and more.
637186 When it comes to heavy metal Iron Maiden must be remembered. With their irresistible classics the British band which has 16 studio albums recorded promises to drive Rock City crazy also in this edition in which they will perform an unprecedented scenic production in a show that will bring together songs about war religion and hell - “Legacy of the Beast ”. The tour has been hailed by audiences and media as the band's most spectacular to date also for its incredible visual effect. On October 4th therefore Iron Maiden's gonna get you all of you.
"637188 Classics such as ""Rock You Like a Hurricane"" ""Still Loving You"" and ""Blackout"" will be performed and sung live on October 4th in Rock City. The German band Scorpions 34 years after having performed for the first time in Brazil in double dose in the first edition of Rock in Rio is back at the festival for another amazing show at Palco Mundo. With a respectable legacy Scorpions is responsible for influencing much of metal and hard rock not only from Germany but from around the world. Unmissable!"
637624 Don't miss the infectious live atmosphere and relive some of the bands most iconic songs throughout their career. Riot (now Riot V) is an American hard rock/heavy metal band formed by guitarist Mark Reale in 1975. 'Warrior' was released as a 7-inch EP in Japan and the song has been Japan's heavy metal fans' favourite for 40 years now. The relationships between Riot and Japan were reinforced on their second album 'Narita' whose title was named after the story of people's struggle against the government over the construction of New Tokyo International Airport at Narita.
637656 A company of actors arrive at a castle deep in the Irish countryside and set into motion the story of Shakespeare's Hamlet. The lives of the actors and their characters intertwine as Prince Hamlet confronts the ghost of his father and seeks revenge on the treacherous Claudius his uncle and newly appointed king. Hamlet's pursuit of vengeance scorches the lives of everyone inside the castle walls and lays bare the many contradictions and ambiguities of human existence. At the play's end seven days have passed and the actors emerge leaving the castle and characters behind.
637898 The shows celebrated the greatest hits from three decades and offered a breakneck trip through time and the entire HELLOWEEN repertoire – including songs the band hadn’t played live for a very long time or even never before. The recordings took place during the band's Pumpkins United World Tour (2017–2018) with former members Michael Kiske and Kai Hansen joining Helloween's line-up. The main concert was recorded on 9 December 2017 in Madrid Spain and the bonus tracks in Chile Brazil Czech Republic and Germany. Extra material includes a band interview as well as LED content and animations shown during the shows.
"638091 50-year-old Jim (Gerald Chew ""Apprentice"" Cannes Film Festival 2016 Un Certain Regard) loses his high-flying job in status-conscious Singapore but his ego and pride compel him to hide this from his wife (Amy J Cheng ""Crazy Rich Asians"") and daughter. His only confidante is his best friend (Sivakumar Palakrishnan ""A Yellow Bird"" Cannes Film Festival 2016 Critics' Week).  Desperately clinging onto the material symbols of his past success he unlocks a hibernating malevolent force with sinister roots in long-buried secrets. As his dream life crumbles around him worlds collide the lines between then and now become increasingly blurred and Jim descends into a waking nightmare.  REPOSSESSION is a bold genre-bending film with an ever-evolving haunting soundscape from Golden Horse Award-winning composer Teo Wei Yong (""A Land Imagined"")."
638110 Your friends are still there for you 25 years later! Celebrate the milestone anniversary of the beloved sitcom coming to the big screen for the first time ever! Make sure to get to the theater early for special content beginning approximately 10-15 minutes prior to showtime including de-archived Friends interview footage shot by Extra during the first week of production on the Friends set. See and hear from the actors and go behind the scenes in this never-before-seen material. This bonus content is consistent across all three nights and will be followed by four unique episodes hand-picked by the Friends producers which have been meticulously upgraded to 4K for an amazing theatrical experience.
638598 Revenge murder bloodshed and retribution.  “Slayer:  The Repentless Killogy” short film was written and directed by B.J. McDonnell who conceived and directed the three brutal music videos - “You Against You” “Repentless” and “Pride In Prejudice” -  for Slayer’s final studio album Repentless (2015).  Concert tracklisting: 1. Delusions Of Savior 2. Repentless 3. The Antichrist 4. Disciple 5. Postmortem 6. Hate Worldwide 7. War Ensemble 8. When The Stillness Comes 9. You Against You 10. Mandatory Suicide 11. Hallowed Point 12. Dead Skin Mask 13. Born Of Fire 14. Cast The First Stone 15. Bloodline 16. Seasons In The Abyss 17. Hell Awaits 18. South Of Heaven 19. Raining Blood 20. Chemical Warfare 21. Angel Of Death
639976 With a wealth of fantastic archive footage and a series of revealing interviews with those who had first-hand experience filmmaker Vicki Lesley tells the turbulent story of the West’s love-hate relationship with a nuclear power over the past seventy years. Capturing both the tantalising promise and the repeated disappointments of this singular technology the film reveals how the post-war romantic fantasy of an Atom-powered future developed into the stormy on-off relationship still playing out today. A tale of scientific passion and political intrigue all wrapped up in the packaging of a sentimental screen melodrama.
"640016 A 30-year-old "" Average Joe"" tries eating a clean raw plant-based diet and working out for 60 days on an experimental journey to test the effect on his physical mental and emotional life. He hopes to transform his complacency and fatigue (on the Standard American Diet) to an improved version of himself.  Medical benchmarks are measured as experts and others weigh in with opinions and commentary along the way in a light-hearted look at the modern struggle for health.  This is an open conversation offering hope to us all."
640020 3 brothers are reunited after their grandfather suffers a heart attack. The Granger men Jace Caden and Dalton promise their dying grandfather that they will work together to save the family's failing business Granger Aeronautics. The we brothers also find themselves banding together to find out who really killed their mother and subsequently free their father Sheppard who is serving a 30 year prison sentence for her murder. Family secrets business mismanagement intrigue and a little romance help to make this a great story.
640905 After a decade of struggle and misfortune Everton became the best side in the land. Even better than their all-conquering neighbours Liverpool! They won the FA Cup thrashed Man Utd 5-0 beat Liverpool home and away and then strolled to the league title with a record amount of points. They steamrollered the great Bayern Munich and won a first ever European trophy and for a time were probably the best side in Europe. We will never know for sure - because they couldn't prove it...  This is the tale of a man with Everton in his blood a team intent on greatness and a city united in defiance. A story told by all the heroes of the day - the men that made history.
641166 Valor Bare Knuckle Inc. (Valor BK) is a well-organized bare-knuckle promotion company organized in Cheyenne Wyoming. It’s owned and operated by UFC Hall of Famer and WWF legend Ken Shamrock.  Valor BK is similar to UFC WWE or any major boxing promotion that hosts combat sports live events.  But Valor BK's fights are different edgier and packed full of exhilarating bare-knuckle fights.  Valor BK hosts live televised and streaming bare-knuckle fights for fight fans worldwide. Valor BK delivers raw exhilarating entertainment for anyone who likes a good ‘ol fashioned stand-up fist fight.  At its core Valor BK is a media company that creates exciting sports entertainment content by securing and promoting bare-knuckle bouts.  Valor BK’s live and recorded events will be nationally and internationally distributed on network digital and pay-per-view (PPV) platforms.
642208 Sam and Tusker partners of 20 years are traveling across England in their old RV visiting friends family and places from their past. Since Tusker was diagnosed with early-onset dementia two years ago their time together is the most important thing they have.  As the trip progresses however their ideas for the future clash secrets come out and their love for each other is tested as never before. Ultimately they must confront the question of what it means to love one another in the face of Tusker’s illness.
642227 Everything Adam knows about love he learned from the movies. Unfortunately Adam is no Cary Grant and the closest he's come to experiencing true romance is one drunken night with his unrequited love Kate. But that evening failed to live up to Adam's expectations so he casts himself and Kate in a movie recreation of their one night hoping for a better ending. It's a total flop and Adam is forced to cast a new Kate when she no longer wants any part of her part. But re-casting Kate leads to an ending that even Adam never saw coming in this playful comedy about love movies and how our love of movies affects how we love.
"642544 Last year marked the 25th anniversary of EXTREME's classic multi-platinum Grammy-nominated ""Pornograffitti"" the definitive album of the band's career. To mark the anniversary ""Pornograffitti Live 25: Metal Meltdown"" will be released this fall by the production company Rock Fuel Media in association with Loud & Proud Records as part of their four-part ""Metal Meltdown"" DVD series. The concert film captures the Boston band performing the album ""Pornograffitti"" in its entirety.  One of the highlights of the documentary is a moment where Gary and Nuno are sitting on the doorstep of Gary's childhood home and they perform a spontaneous version of 'More Than Words'."""
642964 One year after Dr. Tasha and Prince Alec met and fell in love Tasha is on her way to spend the holidays in San Saverre and get a taste of royal life. When Alex surprises her with a royal engagement she spends her first magical days there trying to stay grounded while managing the task of planning a royal wedding. But when Miranda starts scheming to break the two up it will take a big sacrifice and a Christmas miracle to make sure they get the holiday royal wedding of their dreams.
643272 A small Midwestern town is turned upside down as its local sheriff finds himself hunting for a missing young man. The young mans wife is at the mercy of her community and its law enforcement to help her find him and in the process it seems the body count is rising throughout the hunt. The young man finds himself in a state of amnesia and can't recall who he is and how he got where he is. As he tries to discover his own identity he discovers strange things are happening to him and he can not control an evil that seems to be growing ever so rapidly inside him. As the horror that has hit this quiet little community has grown into something that even the sheriff and his people can't seem to stop - the terror seems to be leaving nothing but death in its wake.
643717 36 Husbands is a mystical musical Kung Fu spy comedy starring 3 powerful women - and a bunch of husbands. Krista top spy and Kung Fu master has extraordinary powers and she puts them in action on her quest to slow down the steady march towards World War III. Together with her Kung Fu disciples Gina and Nola (and Frankie a spy on-loan from MI6) they fight and love their way across the world leaving a trail of broken hearts and sabotaged plans. All the spies and evil-doers are tuning into the Bright Blue Gorilla TV show. Why do they watch? Is it the music is it the comedy? Maybe you can figure it out.
"643743 Four friends plan a camping trip at a small campground to spend an evening around a fire telling each other campfire stories that all supposedly happened close to the area that they're staying at. Strangely enough their campground happens to sit right beside an old creepy cemetery named ""Ha Ha Cemetery.""  As the night goes on the group slowly starts to realize their stories are starting to tie together and what starts off as a quiet night soon becomes a night of terror.  What would make a group of campers decide to camp out beside an old cemetery? What secrets does ""Ha Ha Cemetery"" hold? Prepare yourself for four deadly tales of terror."
643831 Filmed at the Brisbane Convention & Exhibition Centre Steve Hughes delivers a 1 and a half hour set of hard-edged comedy and truth-bombs to the Freedom Summits crowd.  If you like your stand-up with a dose of heavy-hitting social commentary and delivered by a heavy metal dude then this one's for you. Recently back in Australia after living in the UK where he's tearing up stages and TV shows with his fearless politically incorrect sets Steve will bring his no holds bar style of comedy for a change of pace and energy to the Freedom Summits.
644102 Written by Basco and his brothers Darion Basco and Dionysio Basco the feature is set in the brothers’ hometown of Pittsburg Calif. a working class suburb of Oakland. Starring Basco and his brothers (including Derek Basco) the dark romantic comedy weaves together four vignettes narrated by their sister Arianna Basco. The story follows the brothers and their shenanigans. One of them ventures off to a cockfight for reciprocity while one flies to old Manila where an old flame is rekindled. Another brother delves into the hidden sensuality of Filipino cuisine while the last brother struggles to heal deep wounds and finds love in an unexpected package. All this leading to a shotgun wedding in the backyard of the family house.
644617 Is there any possible downside to accepting an invitation from Vincent Price to spend an evening in a creepy mansion that was built on something called “Haunted Hill?” If so Mike Kevin and Bill couldn’t find it! In fact they were so eager to join Mr. Price and his terrifying moustache that they riffed the film live on-stage and now you can reap the rewards from the safety of home with this live show DVD!  Yes horror classic House on Haunted Hill provides a mesmerizing walk down “people actually used to find this SCARY?!?” lane. Join the RiffTrax guys as they bring their special brand of rapid-fire comedic commentary to every skeleton-hanging-from-visible-wires clumsy sexual overtone and a stunningly inept test pilot whose “heroics” typically lead him to bloody his own nose after locking himself in a broom closet!
644937 Under the watchful gaze of his young assistant the artist Mark Rothko takes on his greatest challenge yet: to create a definitive series of paintings for the Philip Johnson-designed Four Seasons restaurant in architect Mies van der Rohe’s iconic Seagram Building. Award-winning stage and screen actor Alfred Molina reprises his critically acclaimed performance as the American abstract expressionist painter Mark Rothko in playwright John Logan’s Tony Award-winning 2010 play Red. Molina is joined by rising star Alfred Enoch (How to Get Away With Murder) as Rothko’s assistant Ken. Original Broadway director Michael Grandage returns to direct this 2018 West End revival the first U.K. production since the play’s 2009 world premiere at the Donmar Warehouse.
645593 In a battle for El Cap’s coveted Nose speed record rock legends Tommy Caldwell and Alex Honnold go head to head with Yosemite dirtbags Jim Reynolds and Brad Gobright. Highball bouldering ace Nina Williams flexes her guns and tests her nerves well into the no-fall zone. In rural Utah conservative Mormon coal miners collide with an influx of out-of-town climbers - with surprising results. And two adventurous Brits Hazel Findlay and Maddy Cope pursue first ascents in wild and remote Mongolia.
645788 Rescued as a child by the legendary assassin Moody and trained in the family business Anna is the world’s most skilled contract killer. When Moody the man who was like a father to her and taught her everything she needs to know about trust and survival is brutally killed Anna vows revenge. As she becomes entangled with an enigmatic killer whose attraction to her goes way beyond cat and mouse their confrontation turns deadly and the loose ends of a life spent killing will weave themselves ever tighter.
645910 Following the events of Expedition Conquest Nick Finley (Nate Ferro) finds himself pursuing a solo quest until an Arabian black market trader comes into the picture and suggests that him and Nick work together to find the treasures alluded to by the Copper Scroll an Israeli relic dug up in 1952. When Nick is placed in a desperate position Vladimir Avdonin (Zach Kriehn) comes to aid as do Marco Skrible (Jack Vento) and Dick Mitchell (Eli Audley) whilst on the run from Dick's Vietnamese POW captor. Looking to hold up his end of the bargain Nick and the others once again embark on an international escapade for treasure. Except this time their foe is a much greater threat.
645933 In this sobering look at the current state of the American Dream comedian Rich Hall explains how the US viewed and treated labour throughout its history and why this inevitably led to the economic and social problems Americans face today.  Award-winning comedian Rich Hall explores the American dream and the dictum that came over with the very first pilgrims who set foot on Plymouth Rock - work hard and you will succeed. With his sharp wit and acerbic insight Rich looks at how Americans strive to achieve this dream and how it's been explored and perpetuated by politicians industrialists artists writers and film-makers.
645935 Ira translates as “Anger” but the titular emotion isn’t often conveyed by the unnamed man and woman at the center of this subdued Italian drama set on the grim fringes of society. Instead they spend their nights working—he in the market she on the streets—or wandering restlessly and relentlessly around their dark decaying city.  Writer/director Mauro Russo Rouge follows his characters as they drive down roads lit by the yellow glow of streetlights push through the crowds at a pink-hued nightclub pick up supplies in a glaringly bright supermarket and meander down sidewalks with drinks in hand. They rarely emerge into the sunlight; most of the action takes place in claustrophobic indoor spaces or in the cold gray light of dusk or dawn. So too do their expressions remain withdrawn—even when their nascent relationship triggers a decisive act of violence.
"646245 After the great success of Steve Hackett's ""At The Edge Of Light"" studio album (#13 in Germany #3 UK Rock charts #28 UK album charts #7 UK vinyl charts) ""Genesis Revisited Band & Orchestra: Live"" now encourages you to discover a stunning new dimension of Hackett's own and classic Genesis material! ""Genesis Revisited Band & Orchestra: Live"" was recorded in October 2018 at London's Royal Festival Hall featuring classic Genesis & Steve Hackett solo material performed alongside a 42-piece orchestra! Easily one of the most impressive Steve Hackett live releases to date offering a brilliant fusion of prog rock and orchestral grandeur. Available as a 2CD & Blu-Ray digipak including stereo and 5.1 surround mix behind the scenes footage and 3 promo videos from 'At The Edge Of Light'."
646848 There's memorable games there's great games and then there's simply unforgettable games. But there's only one thing that makes an unforgettable game: a Chelsea victory in true Chelsea style. Relive Chelsea's most unforgettable games from recent seasons when the Blues have imply been in a league of their own. Featuring: Blackburn Rovers 3 v 4 Chelsea (21st September 1998) Chelsea 5 v 0 Manchester United (3rd October 1999) Manchester United 0 v 3 Chelsea (1st December 2001) Chelsea 4 v 0 Liverpool (16th December 2001) and bonus full match Tottenham Hotspur 1 v 6 Chelsea (6th December 1997).
"646851 The 2019 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony took place on March 29 at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn.  Def Leppard Stevie Nicks Radiohead Roxy Music the Zombies and the Cure make up the Class of 2019. They were inducted by a star-studded group of peers including Brian May of Queen Harry Styles David Byrne Simon Le Bon and John Taylor of Duran Duran Susannah Hoffs of the Bangles and Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails.  An artist is eligible for the hall of fame 25 years after their first commercial release. The nominating committee creates a shortlist according to the Hall's official website and then sends the ballot to ""more than 1000 historians members of the music industry and artists — including every living Rock Hall inductee.""  The Rock & Roll Hall of Fame has selected the top five vote-getters for induction in the past but this year seven artists were inducted (Janet Jackson also made the final cut; she was inducted by Janelle Monae)."
647953 Opera superstar Cecilia Bartoli offers her first operatic release on DVD in 12 years and also her first opera in English. Bartoli stars as Semele (a role usually taken by a soprano) in Handel s late opera which features such well-known arias as Endless pleasure endless love Myself I shall adore and Oh sleep why dost though leave me? Robert Carsen s stylish modern dress production hints at parallels with the problematic relationship between the late Princess Diana and the British Royal Family. Recorded live at the Zurich Opera House in January 2007.
648090 Carroll Shelby came from humble beginnings working as a chicken farmer in rural Texas. He exploded into the auto-racing scene by beating all the top-tier drivers of the era and winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1959. All while still wearing his chicken-overalls.  Carroll had a heart condition that nearly killed him forcing him to retire from racing. He started Shelby American and assembled a rag-tag team of hot-rodders to execute his vision of building groundbreaking sports cars like the Shelby Cobra. He also led Ford and the GT40 to multiple victories at Le Mans over Ferrari.  Shelby’s cars driven by the greatest drivers in the history of racing cemented his legacy. He is the only man in history to win Le Mans as both a driver and a manufacturer. And is still the only American auto-manufacturer to win the World Manufacturing Championship.
648150 The Woods family gathers at a cabin resort to hear the last will and testament of their wealthy patriarch George Woods ten years after his death. All vying for the much-anticipated Woods' fortune the players include his greedy sister and her grandson an eccentric niece and two ambitious nephews his mistress and his missing daughter's husband with their amnesiac granddaughter. Before the players can stake their claim to the family fortune each must survive the family attorney's investigation into the mysterious disappearance of Woods' adopted daughter Mona. Why did Mona suddenly run away before the death of Woods? Will she show up to claim her fortune or was her disappearance the result of a conspiracy? As the story unfolds family members turn on each other and murder is the weapon of choice to reveal a dark secret.
648224 Every dope boy is enticed by the flip the flip of long money in a short time. So when Baby Mama gets locked up Lucci is pulled deeper into the fast lane of money power and hoes. Can Lucci live through the double-crossing game of trappin' in the hood? Can he flip the trap game for the rap game? Well they say he trap or die...So how do you get out the life when the life is a trap? Trapp Life.
"648677 FULL MOON'S BUNKER OF BLOOD sceams open for its seventh and penultimate episode. This time we're not clowinging around as we drage The Gore Collector and his eerie entourage into the cotton candy-colored guts of KILLJOY'S CARNAGE CARAVAN a three-ring circus of freaky frights and evil effluvia. In between the very walls of time itself the sinister group of Draconian doctors known only as the Circle of Psycho Surgeons contines to perform horrific experiments on unwitting subjects. But one of their tormented ""patients"" has returned for revenge. Now The Gore Collector and his mulitiversal traveling companions Molly and Tape Head have finally uncovered the whereabouts of the Psycho Surgeons and get set to exact the bloodiest of revenge. But what does this mean for The Gore Collector himself? As he returns to where it all started - the Bunker of Blood - he will find out what this splatter-soaked road trip across a fevered nightmarescape has REALLY done to his mind AND body!"
648949 Released as a memorial for the great Russian cellist Mstislav Rostropovich who passed away on 27 April 2007 this DVD contains one bonafide cello concerto the Schumann Cello Concerto in A minor and two tone poems with prominent cello parts Ernest Bloch's Schelomo and Richard Strauss' Don Quixote. Rostropovich mastered the Schumann in several famous recordings. Here conducted by Leonard Bernstein he provides a splendid performance. Featuring his trademark powerful technique smooth legato and crisp vibrato the Romantic roots of the concerto are never hidden for long despite the relatively cool playing of the Orchestre National de France.
649137 ‘Lady Day’ was one of the greatest jazz vocalists the world ever heard. In 1971 journalist Linda Lipnack Kuehl set out to write the definitive biography of Billie Holiday. Before her mysterious death in 1978 Lipnack Kuehl had taped over 200 hours of interviews. The tapes have never been heard. Now they form the basis of an atmospheric multi-layered documentary that captures the many complex facets of a proud black woman violent drug addict loyal friend vindictive lover and unforgettable singer of ‘God Bless The Child’ ‘Saddest Tale’ and the haunting ‘Strange Fruit’.
"649333 ""Alan Pakula: Going for Truth"" encompasses the personal and professional life of Alan J. Pakula a lauded filmmaker and extremely private man who was unflinching in his commitment to bringing some of the most memorable movies of the last half of the 20th century to the big screen. Always placing story first and going for truth with anonymity being his preferred style of directing this elusive artist finally gets his spotlight. Select cast and crew members from his wide ranging filmography including To Kill A Mockingbird Klute All the President's Men Sophie's Choice Presumed Innocent and The Pelican Brief bring Pakula to life once more after he was lost so tragically; while family and friends share their memories of knowing him as an artist a husband and a stepfather."
650771 Diana Damrau’s reputation as the world’s leading coloratura soprano has been built on her extraordinary technical virtuosity her sensitive musicianship and her acute psychological insight. In this DVD of Katie Mitchell’s sometimes radical production of Lucia di Lammermoor from London’s Royal Opera House she is as the Financial Times wrote “brilliantly convincing”. The British award winning director Katie Mitchell – took a revisionist approach to the drama updating the action to the mid-19th century and applying a feminist slant as she added new and unexpected elements. The Financial Times wrote: “Mitchell shows us on stage personal traumas that a self-respecting woman in the early 19th century was meant to keep to herself. It is a messy bloody list — nocturnal sex trysts a knife murder a miscarriage a suicide in the bath … In all this Damrau is brilliantly convincing. Her rebellious Lucia is a woman of modern attitudes stuck in a still feudal Victorian world.”
651374 Details the history of the death sentence featuring graphic scenes of executions from across the world. A shocking indictment against capital punishment. State-sponsored murder or justice. More than 26 million people have been executed since 1900. This documentary offers a rare insight into the rights and wrongs of the ultimate act of retribution. It chronicles its use in the 20th century and examines the tools of the executioner's grim trade. This film questions the so-called humane execution and in doing so indicts the mass-murderers of barbarous regimes. The images of death drawn from around the world are as shocking as they are tragic. But only by witnessing them and understanding their background can you hope to decide for yourself when if ever the death sentence is the punishment that fits the crime.
651407 A six episode compilation of Puplantis (Sea Patrol) themed episodes from seasons 4 & 5.  Dive deep into six  epic underwater missions with the PAW Patrol featuring two double-length episodes! When the Mer-pups' magical city of Puplantis begins to collapse it's up to the Sea Patrol to find out why before it's too late. Then see how the pups stop Sid the Pirate and his first mate Arrby from stealing the Sea Patroller and save a giant sea slug's home!  Includes: 1. (Season 04 Episode 41) Sea Patrol: Pups Save Puplantis 2. (Season 05 Episode 05) Sea Patrol: Pups Save a Sunken Sloop 3. (Season 05 Episode 06) Sea Patrol: Pups Save a Wiggly Whale 4. (Season 05 Episode 13) Sea Patrol: Pups Save the Flying Diving Bell 5. (Season 05 Episode 14) Sea Patrol: Pups Save a Soggy Farm 6. (Season 05 Episode 19) Sea Patrol: Pups Save their Pirated Sea Patroller
651780 The Wonderful World of Disney: Magical Holiday Celebration kicked off the holiday season with one grand TV special. Matthew Morrison Emma Bunton and Jesse Palmer co-hosted the holiday special on Thanksgiving night from Cinderella Castle at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida and Sleeping Beauty Castle at Disneyland Resort in California. Today's favorite artists also show up to the happiest places on Earth to get in on the festive fun. From epic duets to solo numbers this TV special is perfect holiday entertainment.
"652144 Filmed on tour at Berlin's Philharmonie this account of the valedictory Ninth Symphony is an intense interpretation expressing Bernstein's conviction that modern man had at last caught up with the message encoded in Mahler's last completed work. Having made his famous 1966 studio recording of ""Das Lied von der Erde"" in Vienna Bernstein re-recorded this in Israel with the same searing subjectivity. René Kollo draws on the voice of a great Wagner tenor while Christa Ludwig the greatest exponent of the contralto songs at the time is unbearably poignant in the final movement's fusion of elation and sadness."
652340 In 2007 the Braley Family decided to rescue an abandoned and dilapidated Civil War Era home in historic Saginaw Michigan. Despite the overwhelming need for repair the Braley's saw nothing but potential; a 6000 square foot blank canvas to which the large family could pain a future of their own. Sparing no expense contractors were deployed to the stately and iconic manor with the mission to preserve its original 19th century colonial architecture. Almost immediately strange occurrences began taking place within the home; tools coming up missing disembodied voices and footsteps and the shocking appearance of a semitranslucent apparition of a young child. Following several weeks of escalating activity the bewildered family took it upon themselves to find out who or what was haunting their home. That is when they made the unfortunate mistake of turning to a spirit board for answers...
652385 An NYPD Detective is shot by one of his own benevolent brothers in uniform. Communities are ignited - to march for justice. Gangs put their differences aside - for a united fight an equal opportunity. “That people not be judged by the color of their skin but for the content of their character.” The movement and unity impacts City society and leads to a Blue Wall intervention within the Police force. White cops lust for change and act on it - by flushing out racism. Not an easy fight. In the end what was considered impossible became possible.
652776 A struggling chef living in a trendy New York borough Jessica took over a small restaurant where she used to work as a waitress but it’s growing tough to make ends meet. Prince Jack who’s in the city for his family’s annual Christmas charity dinner finds himself in need of a last-minute chef for the royal event when he meets Jessica. As their relationship evolves and a romance blooms so do the obstacles. But as the event arrives she decides to go through with the dinner and may just get the best Christmas present of all… love.
"653151 Seen by over 120 million people worldwide Les Misérables is undisputedly one of the world’s most popular musicals. Coinciding with its 35th triumphant year in London’s West End Cameron Mackintosh produced a spectacular sold-out staged concert version at the Gielgud Theatre featuring an all-star cast including Michael Ball Alfie Boe Carrie Hope Fletcher Matt Lucas and John Owen Jones. Featuring a cast and orchestra of over 65 and including the songs ""I Dreamed A Dream"" ""Bring Him Home"" ""One Day More"" and ""On My Own"" this sensational staged concert is not to be missed."
"654178 Recorded during Nightwish's ""Decades World Tour"" on September 30th. 2018 at the Microestadio Malvinas Argentinas venue in Argentina.  Track List:  1. Swanheart / 2. End of All Hope / 3. Wish I Had an Angel / 4. 10th Man Down / 5. Come Cover Me / 6. Gethsemane / 7. Élan / 8. Sacrament of Wilderness / 9. Deep Silent Complete / 10. Dead Boy's Poem / 11. Elvenjig / 12. Elvenpath / 13. I Want My Tears Back / 14. Amaranth / 15. The Carpenter / 16. The Kinslayer / 17. Devil and the Deep Dark Ocean / 18. Nemo / 19. Slaying the Dreamer / 20. The Greatest Show on Earth / 21. Ghost Love Score."
655212 Documentary/portrait of one of the most important Greek essayists. In this portrait of Kostis Papagiorgis we follow the story of the essayist's life from his birth in 1947 to his death in 2014 discovering the way his writings develop and how his character is reflected in them. All those who meet Kostis Papagiorgis through reading his books find in him a good friend a teacher a guide a perfect interlocutor a comrade. Even though he never appeared on television avoiding self-exhibition like the plague he was very well known and his appeal to the public has always been great. Behind his sharpness and irony as he wrote mostly on the negative aspects of things he was a warm and tender man and this shone through in his work. Through his acute inner gaze and self-knowledge Kostis Papagiorgis who is probably the most important essayist of contemporary Greece meditates deeply on the Human Condition.
655355 Clay Kincaid hates the nickname 'Saint' he got for being too kind to stray animals and desperate people. Especially when it comes to women. With a rough and damaged past that has left him jaded he doesn't do committed relationships. This is before he meets Samantha Jamieson an heiress turned runaway in need of help. When she starts to work as a waitress at his bar he discovers that she is someone truly special and amazing… someone that could warm his damaged heart.
"655845 Into the Fire was a professional wrestling pay-per-view scripted and produced by the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) that took place on December 14 2019 in Atlanta Georgia. The event takes its name from the 1984 heavy metal single ""Into the Fire"" by the American band Dokken which was used as the theme song to NWA Power the NWA's weekly wrestling show that debuted on October 8 2019.  In the main event Nick Aldis succefully defends the NWA World Heavyweight Championship against James Storm in a Two-out-of-three falls match. On the undercard Aron Stevens vs. Colt Cabana vs. Ricky Starks for the NWA National Championship. The NWA World Tag Team Champions The Rock 'n' Roll Express (Ricky Morton and Robert Gibson) defend the championship against former champions The Wild Cards (Thomas Latimer and Royce Isaacs). The show featured four additional matches."
658336 Superfan David Whiteley celebrates the unsung British heroes behind the first film in the Star Wars’ franchise 1977’s eponymously titled Star Wars.  The Star Wars saga ends with the release of The Rise of Skywalker in December 2019. This documentary celebrates where it all began. It includes previously unheard stories from the people who made one of the most successful movies of all time with additional interviews and previously unseen behind-the-scenes footage.  The presenter Star Wars superfan David Whiteley who has his own connection to the original film (he was born on May the 4th) tracks down the often modest British talent who brought the galaxy to life.  David explores the contribution of the London Symphony Orchestra and meets Ann Skinner who was in charge of continuity. As well as seeing her original stills from the set Ann reveals how she helped Sir Alec Guinness with one of the most famous speeches in Star Wars.
659371 Kath a shy young woman befriends Bob the reclusive gardener at a seaside hotel where she's getting married. Kath has never come to terms with her mother leaving home when she was eight and that her overbearing father Ken never talks about her. Now she is getting married to escape only to discover that her fiancée Steve is completely dominated by Ken as well. Bob is a gentle eccentric man with a dry sense of humour and a troubled past. He spent a long time in prison and in the years he's worked at the hotel he has never ventured beyond the gardens which he tends with obsessive care. Kath sparks a connection to an unresolved relationship from Bob's past with a girl called Louise which resonates so strongly that he feels compelled to leave the safety of the hotel and confront his past.
660487 Jailed for life in 2011 for killing her husband Sally Challen was convicted on the unanimous decision of the jury. The result provoked little surprise among her friends and family yet evidence later revealed that Challen was the victim of coercive control from her husband who would manage her social life and spending. With fewer than 10% of appeals ever quashing a conviction this documentary is a compelling case for the need for greater nuance in the law and its reporting.
"660603 ""McCarthy"" chronicles the rise and fall of Joseph McCarthy the Wisconsin senator who came to power after a stunning victory in an election no one thought he could win. Once in office he declared that there was a vast conspiracy threatening America — emanating not from a rival superpower but from within. Free of restraint or oversight he conducted a crusade against those he accused of being enemies of the state a chilling campaign marked by groundless accusations bullying intimidation grandiose showmanship and cruel victimization. With lawyer Roy Cohn at his side he belittled critics spinning a web of lies and distortions while spreading fear and confusion. After years in the headlines he was brought down by his own excesses and overreach. But his name lives on linked to the modern-day witch hunt we call “McCarthyism.”"
661828 A must-have for all sci-fi fans available on Blu-ray & CD; CD includes a download code for the full album + 3 bonus tracks. Featuring film music hits from multiple Oscar-winning movies. Including film music tracks from Star Wars Star Trek Planet of the Apes The Fifth Element Interstellar 2001 – A Space Odyseey Blade Runner and Alien. Released just before the new Star Wars movie hits the cinemas (19 December 2019). Concert orchestration is based on the original orchestration of the film soundtracks. Includes spectacular sound effects. Featuring David Bateson the voice of Agent 47 from the Hitman series in a spoken word part.
662148 In celebration of Star Trek's 50th anniversary this two-hour documentary explores this enduring franchise by offering viewers an unprecedented candid exploration into the original series cancellation and subsequent resurrection as one of the most successful series of motion pictures in Hollywood history. Features new interviews with key creative and production people as well as never before seen images from the production of all six classic Star Trek films along with details on all the un-produced Trek theatrical projects including The God Thing Star Trek: Planet of the Titans Star Trek: The Academy Years and many other aborted big screen voyages for the crew of the Enterprise. Chapter 1 - The New Frontier: Resurrecting Star Trek Chapter 2 - Maiden Voyage: Making Star Trek The Motion Picture Chapter 3 - The Genesis Effect: Engineering The Wrath of Khan Chapter 4 - The Dream Is Alive: The Continuing Mission Chapter 5 - End of an Era: Charting The Undiscovered Country
"662949 Newly retired from the civil service Modibo is known for his honesty and has been called on to become the new chief of his home village. But he can't stand the intrigues and has other plans. Will he leave his family in the hands of those avid for power? Directed by: Boubakar Diallo (France/Burkina Faso 2017) Cast: Ildevert Méda (Modibo) Issa Ouédraogo (Arzouma) O' Gus Kustu (Kayoure) Anatole Zabre Sougrinoma (Jean-Franēois) Djamila Barry Warda (Nadia) Genre: comedy drama Awards: selected in the category ""Panorama feature film"" at the 2019 FESPACO (Ouagadougou Burkina Faso)"
663013 Dance Together follows two teen girls brought together by a passionate need to express themselves. Holly an injured dancer and Alex a shy girl who is Deaf have a chance meeting that sparks a creative partnership. Alex introduces Holly to American Sign Language poetry and helps her gain the confidence to stand up to her bullies while Holly helps Alex add a dancer's flair to her poetry routine that just might put her group over the top. Dance Together features original and licensed songs along with stunning choreography.
663081 Diving Deep: The Life and Times of Mike deGruy tells the story of Mike deGruy an irrepressibly curious and enthusiastic underwater filmmaker who died suddenly in 2012. DeGruy filmed the oceans for more than three decades becoming as famous for his on camera storytelling as for his glorious intimate visions of the sea and the creatures who live in it. Inspired to share his legacy as a filmmaker and storyteller and to spread his mission for protecting the ocean his wife and filmmaking partner Mimi deGruy returned to the edit room to produce Diving Deep: The Life and Times of Mike deGruy.
663216 Life is normal for James. He works out at the gym commutes to work teaches school picks up groceries returns to his suburban home eats dinner with his wife and wakes up the next morning to do it all over again. Everything is as it should be. His world is peaceful calm and happy. Or is it? Never one to think much about the future James begins to take note of the warning signs all around him that seem to point to impending doom and the collapse of society. After considering all the awful things that could happen James decides to prepare for the worst. But there is just one problem... he has no idea where to start. Enlisting the help of his wife Sarah James embarks on a quest to be ready for anything without spending all his money losing the respect of his friends or becoming a survivalist freak.
663243 In Breaking Bread exotic cuisine and a side of politics are on the menu. Dr. Nof Atamna-Ismaeel - the first Muslim Arab to win Israel's MasterChef - is on a quest to make a social change through food. And so she founded the A-sham Arabic Food Festival in Haifa. There pairs of Arab and Jewish chefs collaborate on mouthwatering dishes like kishek (a Syrian yogurt soup) and qatayef (a dessert typically served during Ramadan) as we savor the taste of hope and discover the food of their region free from political and religious boundaries.
663279 A mysterious glowing monster is savagely attacking citizens of a small town on the eve of a huge televised metal concert. But what connection does this creature have to the old nuclear plant? And the band Irradiated Satan? And the local crime boss? And... the Mayor? HOW HIGH DOES THIS THING GO???? A low-level crook and his hot recreational drug enthusiast hippie chick friend aim to find out! With the help of the drunken town Sheriff and an eccentric Native American Shaman they'll encounter Satanic priests Voodoo hoodoo scheming incestuous step-siblings and a radioactive menace as they seek to uncover the truth and save the very fabric of society as we know it in the process!
"663320 Rich Piana is a man known for having a personality as big as his massive physique. A bodybuilder who gained massive fame as a controversial YouTube personality Rich Piana sadly passed away in 2017 due to heart complications. From the Director of ""Generation Iron"" the Rich Piana Chronicles documents a raw and uncut look into the final year of his life. Part tribute to his legacy part revealing look into the man behind the persona - the Rich Piana Chronicles is an intimate look at a man who left a permanent mark on the fitness industry. Unfiltered. Uncensored. In his own words."
664517 A bold anthology feature film made by an all-female creative team and cast. Based on the popular play of the same name the 80-minute movie follows 10 women scorned as they directly address their exes' new wives and lovers at an open mic night in Los Angeles. Created by a dynamic group of emerging filmmakers at a time when audiences are demanding films made both by and for women the project taps into a social and political climate that's left women poised to take back their voices and be heard.
664601 Experiential cinema in its purest form GUNDA chronicles the unfiltered lives of a mother pig a flock of chickens and a herd of cows with masterful intimacy. Using stark transcendent black and white cinematography and the farm's ambient soundtrack Master director Victor Kossakowsky invites the audience to slow down and experience life as his subjects do taking in their world with a magical patience and an other worldly perspective. GUNDA asks us to meditate on the mystery of animal consciousness and reckon with the role humanity plays in it. Executive produced by Joaquin Phoenix.
664767 After the vicious slaughter of his family by stone-cold mercenary Sub-Zero Hanzo Hasashi is exiled to the torturous Netherrealm. There in exchange for his servitude to the sinister Quan Chi he’s given a chance to avenge his family – and is resurrected as Scorpion a lost soul bent on revenge. Back on Earthrealm Lord Raiden gathers a team of elite warriors – Shaolin monk Liu Kang Special Forces officer Sonya Blade and action star Johnny Cage – an unlikely band of heroes with one chance to save humanity. To do this they must defeat Shang Tsung’s horde of Outworld gladiators and reign over the Mortal Kombat tournament.
665412 My Comic Shop Country is a feature-length documentary film exploring the business fandom and community of comic book stores across the United States. In 2015 New York's Alternate Realities closed after 23 years in operation setting filmmaker-and former AR employee-Anthony Desiato on a quest to explore the comics retail industry from coast to coast. Comic book characters are box office gold but why isn't the same necessarily true for comic stores? See how the 20 shops featured in the film are turning the tide one customer at a time seven days a week. Plus: Learn the fate (and future?) of Alternate Realities.
665721 A magnificent package to mark the 40th anniversary of Eloy.  This is a true representation of how influential the efforts of a band's fan base can ultimately become. Not only has this abiding enthusiasm of the friends of the German progressive rock band Eloy led to remastered editions of 'Ra' 'Destination' 'The Tides Return Forever' and 'Chronicles' being made available recently (and including previously unreleased pictures and new liner notes from Frank Bornemann) but also to a band reunion and the release of a new album - 'Visionary'- (the band's first for eleven years and one that captures so much of their abiding musical legacy) at the beginning of their 40th anniversary year
665772 After the death of her estranged sister Nikki with whom she'd hadn't seen since they were separated in foster care Carly is surprised to learn that she is named in Nikki's will as guardian of her adopted daughter Mallie. Upon moving across the country to honor her sister's wishes Carly quickly realizes that not only was Mallie left a substantial inheritance but that not everyone is happy about the existence of a long lost sister. Someone else wants custody of rich Mallie and they aren't going to let Carly stand in their way for much longer.
665840 A killer has killed once and kidnapped another victim challenging the investigative and forensic team to work out why. Suddenly everyone's past comes under scrutiny everyone's version of the truth comes under suspicion. Kay Rousseau who heads up the crime team is back at work after the death of her child. Suspicion about her involvement in this death remains not least in her own husband. Only Matt Costello Kay's second-in-command and a dedicated impassioned copper is loyal to the core.
665886 In a forgotten pocket of Southern Ohio where American manufacturing and opportunity are drying up a determined young woman finds a ticket out when she is accepted to college. Alongside her older brother Ruth Avery joins a dangerous scrap metal crew in order to pay her way. Together they spend one brutal winter working the scrap yards during the day and stealing valuable metal from the once thriving factories by night. With her goal in sight Ruth finds that the ultimate cost of an education for a girl like her may be more than she bargained for and she soon finds herself torn between a promising future and the family she would leave behind.
665888 In a parallel present delivery man Ray Tincelli is struggling to support himself and his ailing younger brother. After a series of two-bit hustles and unsuccessful swindles Ray takes a job in a strange new realm of the gig economy: trekking deep into the forest pulling cable over miles of terrain to connect large metal cubes that link together the new quantum trading market. As he gets pulled deeper into the zone he encounters growing hostility and the threat of robot cablers and must choose to either help his fellow workers or to get rich and get out.
666061 For nearly three years director Dina Khreino interviewed world-class mountain climbing athletes listening to what compels them to leave behind families friends and everyday comforts to risk everything for a fleeting glimpse into the unknown. What she found was a tribe a diverse group of professional adventurers and amateur philosophers forged by the ultimate test of body mind and spirit. In the face of shifting winds sheer granite cliffs and impossible odds they climb. Each for their own reason but every one connected by the vertical world. In this rarefied air these athletes are fundamentally changed not just as climbers but as human beings.
666227 The Story of Plastic is a seething expose uncovering the ugly truth behind the current global plastic pollution crisis. Striking footage shot over three continents illustrates the ongoing catastrophe: fields full of garbage veritable mountains of trash; rivers and seas clogged with waste; and skies choked with the poisonous runoff from plastic production and recycling processes with no end in sight. Original animations interviews with experts and activists and never-before-filmed scenes reveal the disastrous consequences of the flood of plastic smothering ecosystems and poisoning communities around the world – and the global movement rising up in response.
666509 Alison a down-on-her-luck young professional spends her evenings trying to make ends meet as a rideshare driver. Wrapping her shift she decides to take on one last passenger — only to find herself in unexpected danger when she discovers the mysterious stranger is not what he appears to be. Through a twisted turn of events Alison must turn to her enigmatic passenger for help and is now stuck with him. In over her head Alison must fight to get through the night covering her tracks avoiding the police and discovering who her inscrutable passenger truly is.
666960 The Giant Spider Invasion one of the most popular MST3K movies ever is coming to a Theater near you along with the mighty men of RiffTrax!  There’s a monster in Wisconsin and it’s going to slowly VERY slowly strike TERROR INTO YOUR HEART! Sure your grandma could outrun it but TERROR is more fun! When a fiery meteor lands in the woods strange things begin to happen in this small Wisconsin town — even weirder than usual and that’s a pretty high bar!  While the townspeople are picked off by spiders of varying sizes two esteemed scientists ramble around the countryside in a late model sedan where they find friendship romance and a big mechanical spider built on a Volkswagen Beetle chassis!
666986 Gamma Phi the hottest sorority on campus is looking for new recruits and when bookish seniors Marge and Anita rush the house they make a big splash.  But can these meek freaks go from geek to Greek in just one week?  Find out as these coed cutie pies copulate their way across their college campus with a course curriculum ranging from Bikini Car Wash 101 to Advanced Exotic Dance and see just what it takes (and what they have to shake) to make it as a pledge at the Bikini Sorority House.
668172 Through the prism of three distinct characters the 24-year-old director conveys an intimate and sensitive portrait of his own generation wanderers looking for their place in the new and uncertain world. Dancer Tanya moves to Mississippi where she finds love with a paraplegic wheelchair basketball trainer who is more than 20 years her senior. App developer Tomass abandons the life he had before and becomes a world-travelling digital nomad. Avant-garde publisher Valters collects toilet seats in a poetically performative attempt to overcome past trauma.
"668240 The film was produced by Nick Higgins from Lansdowne Productions and Noémie Mendelle from the Scottish Documentary Institute and has 10 film-chapter directors for each of the 10 chapters of the film. The film's unifying theme is human rights in Scotland with each chapter illustrating one of the ""New Ten Commandments"" - 10 articles chosen from the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The 10 film chapters of The New Ten Commandments 1. The Right to Freedom of Assembly - Dir David Graham Scott 2. The Right not to be enslaved - Dir Nick Higgins 3. The Right to a fair trial - Dir Sana Bilgrami 4. The Right to freedom of expression - Dir Doug Aubrey 5. The Right to life - Dir Kenny Glenaan 6. The Right to liberty - Dir Irvine Welsh & Mark Cousins 7. The Right not to be tortured - Dir Douglas Gordon 8. The Right to asylum - Dir Anna Jones 9. The Right to privacy - Dir Alice Nelson 10. The Right to freedom of thought - Dir Mark Cousins & Tilda Swinton."
668809 This World War II documentary rests on an unusual thesis: it argues that in the wake of Pearl Harbor the actions precipitated by the U.S.A.F. that truly helped turn the tide were perpetrated not by the widely-ballyhooed U.S.N. aviators or aircraft carriers but by the American submarines - silent warriors beneath the deceptively placid ocean surface. The subs after all were responsible for gravely wounding Japan's industry all but destroying the Japanese merchant fleet and therefore preventing reinforcement of Japanese military garrisons. In relaying this story the program draws on a series of interviews with military veterans and endless archival footage of naval battles that chronologically tells the gripping story of the Pacific Front of the war.
669773 Pedro Opeka declined an opportunity to play professional soccer in his native Buenos Aires and realize his childhood dream. He chose instead to become a missionary and live in one of the poorest countries in the world. The son of a bricklayer he convinced destitute families living in Madagascar’s largest landfill that he could teach them how to build their own houses and in the process build their dignity. After 30 years of construction fighting increasing poverty and political instability Father Pedro has created a highly functional city within this dysfunctional island nation. His mission is to prepare the children he saves to one day save their own country.
670232 Setting sail on all-new adventures: ‘Pirates and Princesses’ is the first DVD from Funbox – the brand new show from Anya Gary Kevin and Bonzo the Dog.  Will the gang find all the keys that open the amazing FUNBOX – which contains everything they need to sing songs and have fun and still be home in time for tea? With the help of Kevin’s pirate galleon Anya’s beautiful fairytale castle and Gary’s endless supply of musical instruments they just might. Overflowing with songs old and new its a treat for kids of all ages – from nought to ninety.
670441 When two men compete to qualify in the Winter Olympics for the first time for Afghanistan they realize that home is worth fighting for. In their wake they leave a passion for skiing and a hope for a brighter future. Where the Light Shines is the debut documentary from Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer Daniel Etter with stunning cinematography by Angello Faccini. It is produced by Academy Award nominees Marcel Mettelsiefen and Stephen Ellis along with Steven Sawalich from Articulus Entertainment. Filmed over four years Where the Light Shines paints an intimate portrait of life in Afghanistan and shows the difficulties of trying to create change in a country that for generations has only seen war.
672540 Jeff Bezos is not only one of the richest men in the world he has built a business empire that is without precedent in the history of American capitalism. His power to shape everything from the future of work to the future of commerce to the future of technology is unrivaled. As politicians and regulators around the world start to consider the global impact of Amazon — and how to rein in Bezos’ power — FRONTLINE investigates how he executed a plan to build one of the most influential economic and cultural forces in the world.
672567 Early in her life Josephine Malone learned the hard way that there was only one person she could love and trust: her grandmother Lydia Malone. Out of necessity unconsciously and very successfully Josephine donned a disguise to keep all others at bay. She led a globetrotting lifestyle on the fringes of the fashion and music elite but she kept herself distant. While Josephine was trotting the globe retired boxer Jake Spear was living in the same small town as Lydia. There was nothing disguised about Jake. Including the fact he made a habit of making very bad decisions about who to give his love. But for Josephine and Jake there was one person who adored them. One person who knew how to lead them to happiness. And one person who was intent on doing it. Even if she had to do it as her final wish on this earth.
673135 Personhood tells a different reproductive rights story - one that ripples far beyond the right to choose and into the lives of every pregnant person in America. Tammy Loertscher’s fetus was given an attorney while the courts denied Tammy her constitutional rights. In this timely documentary we see her sent to jail and then forced to challenge a Wisconsin law that eroded her privacy her right to due process and her body sovereignty. Through her story Personhood reframes the abortion debate to encompass the growing system of laws that criminalize and police pregnant women. These little known laws which now exist in 38 states disproportionately target lower income women and women of color. At the intersection of the erosion of women’s rights the war on drugs and mass incarceration Tammy’s experience reveals the dangerous consequences that these laws have on America’s mothers and families.
673534 Eddy Haymour is a barber an eccentric entrepreneur a psychiatric patient a kidnapper and a hostage taker. A controversial character he has been called both madman and visionary. Our 90 minute documentary Eddy's Kingdom chronicles the saga of Haymour's obsession with creating an island theme park in Kelowna BC which culminated in a hostage taking in Lebanon. His present day quest is to confront the current BC government and get the island back in his possession. At his side is his daughter Fadwa the only family member who still talks to him.
673556 Do you remember sharing your feelings with someone through a “mix tape?” Analog Love is a joyful look at why this ritual of communication through music still continues to be so meaningful. With the insights of Henry Rollins Money Mark (Beastie Boys) Kim Shattuck (The Muffs) Jennifer Finch (L7) Chantal Claret Jude “Rude Jude” Angelini Zernell Gillie (Grimy!) Mona Lisa Murray Christian James Hand (The Session) and many more we’ll get to the bottom of the long-lost art of the mix tape.​
673593 New student Cady Heron is welcomed into the top of the social food chain by the elite group of popular girls called ‘The Plastics’ ruled by the conniving queen bee Regina George and her minions Gretchen and Karen. However when Cady makes the major misstep of falling for Regina’s ex-boyfriend Aaron Samuels she finds herself prey in Regina’s crosshairs. As Cady sets to take down the group’s apex predator with the help of her outcast friends Janis and Damian she must learn how to stay true to herself while navigating the most cutthroat jungle of all: high school.
674714 Everything you've wanted your teens to hear about media modesty and morality is contained in this new Standards Night DVD. Using the newest For the Strength of Youth pamphlet John Bytheway outlines the standards in a direct honest and clear fashion yet he delivers the message in such a way that youth and adults alike don't feel lectured or preached to but motivated and excited to live their lives on a higher plane.  Also included on the DVD is a fun “mini-concert” featuring some of John Bytheway's guitar playing and Primary song parodies including his rousing version of “Popcorn Popping” and “Choose the Sprite.”
674821 Featuring an all-puppet cast Frank and Zed tells the story of a doomed village whose King made a fateful deal to stop a demon from destroying the village years before. Now as the prophecy comes true upon the King’s death the villagers brace for an orgy of blood. Living in a destroyed castle not far from the village are Frank and Zed a Frankenstein-type monster and his brain-eating companion. As the villagers prepare for their impending doom the two monsters are pulled into a war of epic puppet-mutilating proportions. This debut feature film by Jesse Blanchard is a hilarious tale of misguided fears innocent brain consumption and a loving friendship.
674884 In New Jersey the Good Grief community focuses on a holistic way of dealing with grief where children can give in to rage in ‘the volcano room' and say goodbye to a dying teddy bear patient in ‘the hospital room.'  Over the course of a year we follow the weekly meetings and get close to Kimmy Nicky Peter Nora Nolan and Mikayla and their close companion: grief. It is sometimes heartbreaking but also humorous to experience the questions about life and death through their open and curious minds.  Grief is high and heavy as a mountain but it helps you understand what has happened and that death is irreversible.
674886 Yingying Zhang a 26-year-old Chinese student comes to the U.S. to study. In her detailed and beautiful diaries the aspiring young scientist and teacher is full of optimism hoping to also be married and a mother someday. Within weeks of her arrival Yingying disappears from the campus. Through exclusive access to Yingying’s family and boyfriend Finding Yingying closely follows their journey as they search to unravel the mystery of her disappearance and seek justice for their daughter while navigating a strange foreign country. But most of all Finding Yingying is the story of who Yingying was: a talented young woman loved by her family and friends.
"674928 The heart of the Dallas Arts District--Booker T Washington High School. A haven for creative budding artists inspirational instructors and unlikely criminal delinquents. Four theatre students are faced with the challenge of traversing the country in an attempt to save their recently-jailed friend amidst a hectic schedule of submitting a film to a nationally recognized film festival attending a bogus talent-search audition and ""breaking up with all [their] girlfriends."" Shot on-location on the road from Dallas to the Grand Canyon to Las Vegas to Los Angeles these four friends band together to face the challenges ahead of them. From deadly chases and police encounters to casino crashing and drug dealers this semi-documentary tells an epic coming-of-age story that is sure to speak to your inner ""artistic troublemaker.""  —Charles Wallace"
675955 A feature-length documentary celebrating the team that meshed Wichita’s sports social and pop culture scenes in the decade of preppies and New Wave. It features Monty Python-inspired animation and several songs of the era and was scored by the Wrong Kata Trio. Narrated by Andy Chapman and featuring interviews from most every key player of the era the movie is based on the historical book “Make This Town Big.” Directed by Adam Knapp and Kenneth Linn creators of the award-winning documentary short “Out Here In Kansas” and produced by Tim O’Bryhim Tori Deatherage and Michael Romalis.
676315 Together impossible goals can be reached. Like playing a song as a tribute to your favorite rock band putting together 1000 musicians playing perfectly in synch. It’s what Rockin’1000 achieved a group of Italian friends who became a global community bringing musicians from all around the world. We Are The Thousand is the story of how the largest band on the planet came to be: over nineteen thousand musicians amateurs and pros from every age group and social background united by one passion: rock’n’roll. This is the story of how the idea of virtuous community can positively influence every single member encouraging them to pursue their dreams while giving the best they have to offer.
676495 This film charts the lives of the British Royal Family's princes and their importance within the Royal House of Windsor. Profiling Princes Phillip Charles William Harry and the new arrival Prince George. Made by A2B Media a documentary specialist on the British Royal Family (Queen Elizabeth: The Diamond Celebration Diana Princess of Wales - A Life on the Edge) this high-definition programme features exclusive interviews with royal biographers correspondents and exclusive access to those who have worked with the royal family to give an inside view of how the royal Princes will shape the British monarchy and its transition from Queen Elizabeth the longest reigning British monarch to what will undoubtedly be a long succession of Princes becoming Kings.
676619 Pop culture writer and aspiring novelist Vanessa Sills lands the interview of a lifetime with the illustrious elusive and reclusive mystery author Martin Clayborne in his quaint rural town only to realize her own aspirations dreams and romantic life have taken a back seat along the way. When Vanessa returns home to Portland and a mysterious gift arrives from Martin she then makes a surprise decision and finally takes her own advice to “go boldly in the direction of your dreams and live the life you imagine.”
676691 Hunter Wilde is the leader of a group of Christian survivalists who are trying to live as normal as possible two years after an EMP attack and knocking all the power down. In a world of chaos living day to day has become more treacherous. But that is nothing compared to when the gates of hell are opened up and demons are commissioned to seek and destroy the remaining believers on earth. Their targets are set on Hunter. If they can break him the whole town of Crossroads will follow.
677038 Pastor Joe is a young family man who leads a church in an active city where he reaches out to the poor and destitute in any way he can. One day a woman named Tasha comes to his church seeking for help. Pastor Joe sits down with her and she shares an intense life story. She shares how she was born how she was set free from a world of drugs racism theft and human trafficking. Her story becomes increasingly complex as people from her past come in contact with Pastor Joe with their own life struggles of suicide teen pregnancy and abortion. As their stories tie together it brings hope redemption and salvation to the forefront and gives us a picture of what it means to experience the transformation of God going from darkness to light and to continue on the narrow path each and every day.
677179 After dominating the boxing world Adonis Creed has been thriving in both his career and family life. When a childhood friend and former boxing prodigy Damien Anderson resurfaces after serving a long sentence in prison he is eager to prove that he deserves his shot in the ring. The face-off between former friends is more than just a fight. To settle the score Adonis must put his future on the line to battle Damien — a fighter who has nothing to lose.
679242 Thorne: Sleepyhead follows DI Tom Thorne's investigation into a mysterious serial killer. His first three victims ended up dead. His fourth was not so fortunate. Alison Willetts is unlucky to be alive. She has survived a stroke deliberately induced by manipulation of pressure points on the head and neck. She can see hear and feel she is aware of everything going on around her but she is unable to move or communicate. In leaving Alison alive the police believe the killer's made his first mistake.
680000 Every February four dozen athletes are invited to Alaska to undertake a journey which will challenge their bodies and minds their wills to succeed and their wills to live. The Iditarod Trail Invitational is the worlds longest toughest and most remote ultra marathon challenging competitors to journey 1000 miles across the Alaskan tundra on bike foot or ski. More people summit Everest in an afternoon than have made it from Anchorage to Nome on a bicycle. But this year twenty-six racers will attempt the full 1000 miles of the Iditarod Trail. The fastest time recorded is 12 days. The longest is more than 30. It’s the unknowns that bring these elite athletes here year after year in search of purpose and excitement but it’s those same unknowns that make this one of the most dangerous races on Earth. How willing are you to lose your toes or your hands or someone you love. That’s the consequence of not being prepared on the Iditarod Trail.
680661 Shannon Harvey was working in her dream job as a radio news journalist when at the age of 24 she was diagnosed with a devastating auto-immune disease. Determined to find a solution she began researching cutting-edge mind-body medicine. Is it really possible she wonders that a simple practice that can be done anywhere any time by anyone can ease suffering and promote physical and mental healing? Synthesizing the work of leading scientists with the ways of mystics she undertakes a year-long experiment with herself as the subject. Will meditation revolutionize her health and well-being or is it just another over-hyped self-help fad? This compelling account of her journey provides fascinating insights about how to be well and happy in the modern world.
"681666 When The Neal Morse Band released their acclaimed The Similitude Of A Dream album - a progressive rock retelling of John Bunyan's The Pilgrim's Progress) back in 2016 it began a journey of epic proportions with the companion piece The Great Adventure arriving in 2019.The band embarked on a worldwide tour in early 2019 & it was in Brno Czech Republic that the band chose to film THE GREAT ADVENTOUR 2019 - LIVE IN BRNO the definitive record of the tour as George explains: ""This was our first time playing there and this venue had a different look and vibe: the audience also turned out to be very energetic. They loved it!""THE GREAT ADVENTOUR 2019 - LIVE IN BRNO shows The Neal Morse Band at the very height of their powers: extraordinary passionate intense and intricate rock music played to perfection by five masters of their craft backed by dramatic video illustrations by Christian Rios."
682586 In the early 1970s a group of secretaries in Boston decided that they had suffered in silence long enough. They started fighting back creating a movement to force changes in their workplaces. This movement became national and is a largely forgotten story of U.S. twentieth century history. It encapsulates a unique intersection of the women’s movement with the labor movement. The awareness these secretaries brought to bear on women’s work reverberates even today. Clericals were the low-wage workers of their era. America now confronts the growing reality of deep income inequality. The stories and strategies of these bold creative women resonates in contemporary America.
"682587 Marc-André Leclerc an exceptional climber has made solo his religion and ice his homeland. When filmmaker Peter Mortimer begins his film he places his camera at the base of a British Columbia cliff and waits patiently for the star climber to come down to answer his questions. Marc André a little uncomfortable prefers to return to the depths of the forest where he lives in a tent with his girlfriend Brette Harrington. In the heart of winter Peter films vertiginous solos on fragile ice. He tries to make appointments with the climber who is never there and does not seem really concerned by this camera pointed at him ""For me it would not be a solo if there was someone else"" . Marc-André is thus the ""pure light"" of the mountaineers of his time which marvel Barry Blanchard Alex Honnold or Reinhold Messner interviewed in the film. An event film for an extraordinary character."
682591 The Dilemma of Desire explores the work of four women who are shattering myths and lies that women are being told about their sexual desire and their bodies. Coined by artist Sophia Wallace “Cliteracy” is the understanding that the clitoris is fundamental to the female orgasm. Through her art Wallace is changing culture. Dr. Stacey Dutton a neuroscientist studies the biology of the clitoris; Dr. Lisa Diamond is dismantling outdated notions about women’s arousal; and Ti Chang an industrial designer creates elegant vibrators for women. Providing the embodiment of their work are the real life stories of Umnia Becca Jasmine Sunny and Coriama.
682722 John Sinclair first emerged out of his small-town Michigan background to forge a legendary course through the 1960s as a cultural activist manager of the MC5 and Chairman of the White Panther Party. An early victim of the War on Drugs who faced 20 years to life in prison for giving two joints to an undercover policewoman Sinclair served 29 months of a 9-1/2-to-10-year sentence before his legal victory on appeal changed the law for good. The long campaign waged by Sinclair culminated in a massive John Sinclair Freedom Rally headlined by John Lennon & Yoko Ono Stevie Wonder Bob Seger Phil Ochs Allen Ginsberg and Bobby Seale that resulted in Sinclair's release from prison on December 13 1971-just three days after the event (Clint Weiler)
682754 50 years ago deep in the Welsh countryside two brothers were milking cows and preparing to take over the family farm but dreamed of making music. They had the audacious idea to build a studio in their farmhouse. Animals were kicked out of barns and musicians moved into Nan’s spare bedroom. Inadvertently they’d launched the world’s first independent residential recording studio: Rockfield. Black Sabbath Queen Robert Plant Iggy Pop Simple Minds The Stone Roses Oasis Coldplay and more made music and mayhem at Rockfield over the decades. This is their story of rock and roll dreams intertwined with a family business’s fight for survival in the face of an ever-changing music landscape.
684051 Moments after being brutally violated a once starry-eyed girl named Violet wonders through the night traumatized and completely changed. Violet begins to track down the men who have hurt her determined not to be a compliant victim anymore and take matters into her own hands. During her blood-soaked journey she meets a boy named Josh at the one place she gets solace - her favorite lake. Will Josh give her the closure she needs or will revenge be the only way for her to heal?
684059 Over four nights at Tilburg's 013 venue (scene of the Ayreon Universe series of live shows in 2017) Lucassen his band and one of modern progressive music's most emphatic of casts celebrated the 20th anniversary of the third Ayreon album in front of thousands of adoring fans who had flown in from around the world.  The entire album was performed live featuring original album singers and musicians such as Thijs Van Leer Fish Damian Wilson Edward Reekers Anneke van Giersbergen and several special guests including Simone Simons (Epica) and Star Trek's John De Lancie as narrator.  The 'Other Tales' are deep cuts from Arjen Lucassen's other projects such as The Gentle Storm Ambeon Stream of Passion Guilt Machine Star One his solo-album Arjen Anthony Lucassen and a very special Marillion cover.
"684374 Filmmaker Alyssa Bolsey stumbles on a treasure trove of vintage cameras old film reels fading photos technical drawings and boxes of documents that belonged to her great-grandfather Jacques Bolsey. Among the many boxes she spots an old movie camera with the word ""Bolex"" embossed on its side and a dangling tag with the date ""1927."" Entranced she embarks on a journey to reveal how Jacques aimed to disrupt the early film industry with a motion picture camera for the masses."
684810 A film crew crisscrosses England trying to unravel the mystery surrounding a record released 30 years earlier 'Spirit of Eden' that defined the passage from light to shadow of its makers the band Talk Talk and its lead singer Mark Hollis. From overwhelming obstacles to unpredictable encounters their journey soon turns into an organic quest. With silence as a horizon line. And punk as a philosophy thinking that music is accessible to all and that the human spirit is above the technique.
685169 Since the end of their pirate radio station life has been quiet for the Kurupt FM boys but everything is about to change. News reaches them that one of their songs has been used on a popular game show in Japan. They've made it. Their music is reaching hundreds of thousands of people. It's finally time for them to enjoy the fame and fortune that they've always known they deserved. Chabuddy G steps excitedly back into his management role as Grindah Beats Steves and Decoy begin their journey to international stardom - but is Japan really ready for Kurupt FM?
"685264 In the 1970s five men struggling with being gay in their Evangelical church started a bible study to help each other leave the ""homosexual lifestyle."" They quickly received over 25000 letters from people asking for help and formalized as Exodus International the largest and most controversial conversion therapy organization in the world. But leaders struggled with a secret: their own “same-sex attractions” never went away. After years as Christian superstars in the religious right many of these men and women have come out as LGBTQ disavowing the very movement they helped start. Focusing on the dramatic journeys of former conversion therapy leaders current members and a survivor PRAY AWAY chronicles the “ex gay"" movement’s rise to power persistent influence and the profound harm it causes."
685609 “Jack Daniels” – the brand that has become the iconic image of “American Cool” around the world and across generations. A bottle of Jack makes a statement (and this documentary is all about “why”).  More than a simple narrative of the origins and impact of this hallowed brand Chasing Whiskey is a 57000 mile journey across 5 countries and 17 time zones that will prove equal parts thought provoking insightful moving and hilarious.  From rural Lynchburg TN (where every drop of Jack is made) to the Outback of Australia from Beverly Hills to the streets of Havana Cuba; from the stills in the Hollow to the stills of Scotland’s finest Scotch from studio jams to backstage tours this journey documents a cultural exploration into why a world of people identifies with a distinctly American brand.
685742 Aside from being the only act in musical history to land the same UK Christmas number one twice Queen's affinity with the yuletide season ran deeper than just commercial success. With Bohemian Rhapsody halfway through its nine-week run atop the charts in December 1975 Queen chose Christmas Eve to play a televised tour de force from London's Hammersmith Odeon. Freddie Mercury had a deep-rooted love for everything Christmas with a lifelong generosity of spirit. In this documentary friends and loved ones reflect on the band alongside many of Queen's best-loved hits and rare footage of Mercury with some of his closest confidantes.
685841 Hull England 1970. In a run-down commune in a tough port city a group of social misfits - mostly working class mostly self-educated - adopted new identities and began making simple street theater under the name COUM Transmissions. Their playful performances gradually gave way to work that dealt openly with sex pornography and violence. COUM lived on the edges of society surviving on meager resources finding fellowship with others marginalized by the mainstream. At the core of the group were two artists Genesis Breyer P-Orridge and Cosey Fanni Tutti. As their work evolved Cosey embarked on a career modeling for pornographic magazines which she claimed for herself as a conceptual artwork using it to forge a specific position in relationship to 1970s feminism. In performances Genesis pushed himself to extremes testing the limits of the human body.
686002 Black holes stand at the limit of what we can know. To explore that edge of knowledge the Event Horizon Telescope links observatories across the world to simulate an earth-sized instrument. With this tool the team pursues the first-ever picture of a black hole resulting in an image seen by billions of people in April 2019. Meanwhile Hawking and his team attack the black hole paradox at the heart of theoretical physics—Do predictive laws still function even in these massive distortions of space and time? Weaving them together is a third strand philosophical and exploratory using expressive animation. “Edge” is about practicing science at the highest level a film where observation theory and philosophy combine to grasp these most mysterious objects.
686118 In early 2018 an email was sent to a select group of journalists and politicians in Australia containing a link to thousands of hours of secretly filmed footage documenting day to day life in an ice dealer's house in South Sydney. The footage was refined down to this story of the ice dealer Anton Berger his girlfriend Effs whom he keeps imprisoned in the house his crew Pincer Bezza and Ahmed and the bikers and corrupt cops he deals with.
"686189 In 1982 the Arpoador Beach in Rio de Janeiro received the first ""incarnation"" of Circo Voador a venue for artists of diverse aspects showing their art to the public. Months later Circo landed at Lapa the city's most bohemian neighborhood. Today more than three decades later the venue has become a cultural reference in the country. This documentary is directed by Tainį Menezes and has testimonials from artists such as Gilberto Gil Lobćo Evandro Mesquita and more than 50 personalities that were part of the history of Circo Voador."
686230 Sat 29 Jun 2019 Other Stage  The Chemical Brothers are a British electronic music duo composed of Tom Rowlands and Ed Simons originating in Manchester in 1989. Along with the Prodigy Fatboy Slim and other fellow acts they were pioneers at bringing the big beat genre to the forefront of pop culture. They achieved widespread success when their second album Dig Your Own Hole topped the UK charts in 1997. In the United Kingdom they have had six number one albums and thirteen Top Twenty singles including two number ones.
686478 When Mary Blackwell and her children return to her hometown of Maiden Hollow to clear out her recently deceased father s house the local villagers are initially hostile towards the new family and local priest Michael Howdy takes an unhealthy interest in Mary s daughter Alice. After being involved in a car crash years back Michael has suffered brain injuries which spark off a series of surreal fantasies featuring Alice and his dead wife Isobel. As Michael's illness invades his mind and his sanity he suddenly finds himself in position he could never have imagined!
686820 Archaeologists have just uncovered entirely new areas and villas in ancient Pompeii… the first excavation there in 70 years. Get exclusive access to the dig and see how new artifacts and new DNA science are changing history. And through the use of sophisticated Hollywood production techniques and reenactments discover the real stories of what happened to the unfortunate souls who didn’t escape to the city gates. This is the devastating account of the final hours of that fateful day in October 79AD.
686976 The pro-Palestinian anti-capitalist BDSM-provocative techno-punk performance art ensemble (!) Hatari unsurprisingly drew attention to themselves with their performance at the Icelandic qualifiers for the Eurovision Song Contest. So much so that they won and therefore were allowed to perform at the main event in Tel Aviv. But what now? Should they boycott the event swallow their idealism or use their airtime to criticise the host country for their illegal occupation of Palestine? The Icelandic director Anna Hildur joins the boys in the band all the way to the fateful final. Produced by the team behind the Nick Cave film '20000 days on Earth'.
689210 Guru Nanak the founder of Sikhism was a 15th-century teacher poet and activist whose universal message of justice and equality for all women’s empowerment service to others and devotion to nature and the environment was ahead of his time. However his story is virtually unknown to much of the Western world. Filmed on location in India Pakistan and throughout the U.S. this documentary interweaves the story of Guru Nanak’s life with a look at how his spiritual legacy continues to influence prominent American Sikh men and women including Mayor Ravi Bhalla of Hoboken N.J. Grammy Award nominee Snatam Kaur and others.
690203 Based on the struggle of young people in Goma (Northeastern Congo) against the prevailing Western reporting about war and misery Stop Filming Us investigates how these Western stereotypes are the result of a skewed balance of power. Stop Filming Us creates a cinematic dialogue between Western perceptions and the Congolese experience of reality. While the Congolese perspective becomes increasingly clearer in the film questions arise about the perspective of the film itself; is a white director able to make a film about the new Congolese image or is it primarily a story created by his own Western perspective?
690465 Two brothers embark on a worldwide journey to discover what it's like for other siblings living with Down Syndrome. Their journey takes them to Cornwall New York Mumbai and Vietnam. Growing up Nick was ashamed Alex but through a shared journey they learn what it truly means to be brothers. Along the way they encounter families from a variety of different cultural backgrounds who each have their own outlooks on living with disabilities. They come face-to-face with the darker side of humanity and are forced to make difficult decisions about their future.
690487 “What the hell happened to my country?” After Donald Trump’s election this is a burning question for Susanne Brandstätter an American filmmaker who’s lived most her life in Austria. With the critical distance of a European and an insider’s eye she gets close to Trump voters in Ohio: a microcosm of a deeply divided USA. Showing striking parallels to Europe the documentary explores polarization and why people stick to their political opinions – no matter what. Is there no way out?
691159 The evil King Xayno of the Planet Argor is using his Gravity-Ray to crash the moon into Earth! Our only hope is Rocky Lazer the world's greatest pilot athlete marksman sword-fighter wrestler and crooner. The President of the United States of Earth sends Rocky and his crew--the annoyingly loyal Chip Skipper the brilliant Dr. Horst Karlock and Jean Jarvis the President's daughter and the Earth's first woman professor--on a dangerous mission into space to stop King Xayno and save the planet! Set in the innocent black-and-white world of 1930's serial adventure stories like Flash Gordon and Buck Rogers Space Captain: Captain of Space is a modern smart sci-fi comedy.
691256 If you’re into cheesy stop-motion dragons leprechauns in bottles drunk Vikings and Giants-Who-Need-Killing then Jack the Giant Killer is for you! Actually that’s an odd set of things to be into hypothetical person reading this and frankly it’s about time you let us get to the point. Mike Nelson Kevin Murphy and Bill Corbett riffed this vintage 1962 epic live in Nashville and now you can enjoy the show in the comfort of your own home castle or bottle you share with a leprechaun!  Also! The guys riff the supremely weird short What Is Nothing? (spoiler: we still don’t know what nothing is).  Make sure all these giants didn’t die in vain - join Mike Kevin and Bill for a full evening of great live comedy.
691259 For those who missed it in theaters this is a completely new riff of “Manos” The Hands of Fate the Texas-fertilizer-salesman-directed classic made famous by Mystery Science Theater 3000. All new jokes same old Torgo. See Mike Kevin and Bill riff it all on stage in front of a live audience at the Belcourt Theatre in Nashville!  PLUS! Before the main event a live riffing of two extra-demented shorts. At Your Fingertips: Cylinders from the same insane child arts & crafts series that brought you Grasses and Boxes. And Welcome Back Norman which introduced us all to revolting folk hero Norman along with his now famous (and also revolting) catchphrase.
691537 Starship Troopers is the tale of young trooper Johnny Rico played by Casper Van Dien star of this and...well some direct to video sequels of this mostly. He’s joined in the war by Denise Richards impossible to believe as a gifted starship pilot long before she was impossible to believe as a gifted nuclear scientist in that Bond movie. He’s also joined by the great Neil Patrick Harris who is somehow much easier to believe as an intelligence officer with psychic abilities that help him communicate with the giant bug aliens. Throw in Michael Ironside because duh it’s a war movie you’re gonna need Michael Ironside and Jake Busey because duh he just showed up on set and wouldn’t leave add a love triangle heaps of alien splatter and you’ve got the sprawling great goofy mess that is Starship Troopers!  Join Mike Kevin and Bill for this gorilla-gram free version of the blockbuster live show!
691538 This classic 1968 horror film is where it all began. No not the cronut trend we’re talking about the omnipresent zombie craze! 28 Weeks Later Resident Evil: Retribution that Zack Snyder remake of Dawn of the Dead...We wouldn’t have any of them without Night of the Living Dead! (Pause to think about whether this is a good thing.)  When she’s attacked in a cemetery by zombies a young woman named Barbara flees to an abandoned farm house. There she’s joined by a ragtag group of survivors who band together to wait out the apocalypse with the occasional light descent into madness. The rest of the movie plays out like The Big Chill but instead of Glenn Close sobbing naked in the shower they board up windows and occasionally get devoured alive. So in this respect Night of the Living Dead is the slightly less depressing movie.
691539 The nasty Martian villain Voldar (his face is coated in green oil and he has a huge mustache therefore he’s evil) captures two Earth children Billy and Betty who don’t hold out for even a minute but rat out our fattest jolliest elf without a struggle. Voldar takes Santa and the children prisoner and heads off for Mars. Only the bravery of Billy and Betty and the bumbling of a stowaway and “the laziest man on Mars” Droppo can foil Voldar’s evil plans!  Throw into the mix Santa and the Fairy Snow Queen an insane short featuring a pixie named Snoopy a horrific life size Jack in the Box and a lion who is oh so proud of his candy eating ability and you’ve got one of our funniest live shows to date. Please join Mike Kevin and Bill for RiffTrax Live: Santa Claus Conquers the Martians!
691540 There’s riffs out there this big?? Anaconda stars a pre-fame Jennifer Lopez a post-fame Eric Stoltz and an Owen Wilson who even then was somehow ashamed of his role in The Internship despite it not happening for another sixteen years. With the help of Ice Cube they set off into the Amazon in search of those drones they claimed were going to revolutionize package delivery.  Then Eric Stoltz gets stung and paralyzed by a venomous wasp so things are really looking up for our crew when they encounter Jon Voight. Voight has been obsessed with hunting down a deadly anaconda ever since the snake tricked him into selling his beloved Chrysler LeBaron to George Costanza. From then on things spiral into a deadly game of cat and mouse one where the cat is played by a snake and the mouse is played by Danny Trejo.  And as if that wasn't enough at one point the anaconda spits a monkey right at a man’s face! How many movies can say that? Don’t miss out!
691542 Mike Kevin and Bill were joined on stage by their MST3K colleagues at the State Theatre in Minneapolis to bring it back to their roots in an MST3K cast reunion the likes of which have never been seen before!  Joining the guys are their old cohorts Frank Conniff (TV's Frank) Trace Beaulieu (Crow Dr. Forrestor) Mary Jo Pehl (Pearl Forrester) Bridget Nelson (Nuveena Mr. B) as well as Mystery Science Theater 3000 creator Joel Hodgson AND the host of the revived MST Jonah Ray for a hilarious night of riffing for RiffTrax's 20th Live event.  Taking turns in various permutations to riff on a slew of old-timey shorts the show culminates in a Super Riff-A-Palooza finale with all nine riffers on stage at once!
691544 For the first time in this or any other galaxy the RiffTrax crew is delighted to take on the sci-fi fantasy classic Krull. Directed by Peter Yates who also made Bullitt The Dresser and Breaking Away comes this thrilling swashbuckling space opera.  Travel to the magical planet Krull where people travel freely through time and space and yet everything is still lit with torches. Here Princess Lyssa and Prince Colwyn plan to marry and rule the land. But wait! The fair kingdom is invaded by a beast appropriately named The Beast and his army of Slayers who slay a LOT.  Princess Lyssa is kidnapped and it’s up to Colwyn to rescue her. Naturally he assembles a rag-tag band of misfits to help him. A wizard! A cyclops! Another wizard! A Robbie Coltrane and a Liam Neeson! Will Colwyn save his Princess from the clutches of dark magic? Probably! And he’ll do it with the help of his magical throwing toy the Glaive.
691742 More than 300 fans from 9 different countries joined together to remake Back to the Future Part II during the COVID-19 quarantine. The film was split into 88 scenes with 88 teams producing their segment using available resources all while obeying local social distancing guidelines. The result is an absurdly fun wild ride that sees everything from pro-level live action to killer animation to... bananas and potatoes used to bring Back to the Future Part II to life all over again.
691777 From the bustling streets of Jerusalem to the raging Sea of Galilee join Peter Nicodemus Mary Magdalene and a multitude of others as they journey alongside the most famous person ever to walk the earth. Witness the most miraculous events in history as Jesus sets sail with fishermen challenges the Pharisees befriends the outcasts and heals the hurting. The lives he touches will never be the same. Filmed in front of a live audience Sight & Sound's spectacular original production has been experienced by over one million people live on stage.
692233 Separating herself from Philly’s dangerous scene while still mourning from the death of Quadir Gena has reinvented herself as a journalist living and working in NYC. At a crossroads in her career Gena comes across an opportunity to go to LA  and decides to use the time to find herself. Although Gena is far from home her life in Philly seems to always make an appearance. Someone with ties to Quadir has hijacked Jerrell’s shipment causing him to hit the streets on a crusade to find out who. Jerrell is determined to get paid by any means necessary and he'll start with Gena.
692962 The vinyl record renaissance over the past decade has brought new fans to a classic format and transformed our idea of a record collector: younger both male and female multicultural. This same revival has made buying music more expensive benefited established bands over independent artists and muddled the question of whether vinyl actually sounds better than other formats. Vinyl Nation digs into the crates of the record resurgence in search of truths set in deep wax: Has the return of vinyl made music fandom more inclusive or divided? What does vinyl say about our past here in the present? How has the second life of vinyl changed how we hear music and how we listen to each other?
693489 19-year old CJ has lost touch with her childhood friend Sophia ever since she left small-town Willow Springs for college the year prior. Realizing how much they've grown apart Sophia insists that CJ spends fall break at her grandfather's cabin where they used to spend summers together. Reluctant CJ gathers her new group of friends to join her for a fall escape they won't soon forget. Jocelyn and Amber city girls at heart embrace the wooded retreat but their excitement quickly turns to dread when they discover a vagabond living in a run-down trailer on the property.
695571 When prim and proper New England college professor Gwen Barry (Titanic's Frances Fisher) hires handsome young prison inmate Dalton Roy (Derwin Jordan) to tend her yard through a prison work furlough program their mentor-student relationship soon turns into a passionate love affair. But when Dalton completes his prison sentence meets a pretty young college student (Kandyse McClure) and attempts to start over again on his own Gwen becomes obsessed with remaining a part of Dalton's life or destroying it completely.
696097 Two years after Christian defeated his dark half Huntrabane said dark half was resurrected by his younger brother Josh in a desperate attempt to find him when he was missing. Just hours after he finished filming the largest video in his YouTube career Christian discovered that his dark side had returned and been planning to kill his brother on that fateful day. Now he must face the most difficult decision in his entire life: resurrect his brother or obtain his freedom from his darkness.
696160 When the University of Oklahoma Sooners lose their star gymnast Brenna Dowell the rest of the team have to find a way to believe in themselves in order to win their second National Gymnastics Championship. With the help of Riley a local breakdancing phenomenon Chayse and her OU teammates learn to incorporate intricate breakdance techniques into their gymnastics routines in order to find a competitive edge. At the end of it all they realize what matters most is finding the confidence to believe in yourself.
697019 Beneath its reassuring faēade Davos is each year at the heart of the Western and capitalistic world. Every chief of State and everyone who is someone in the money world meets with their peers in the Swiss village. What is really at stake in Davos ? Julia Niemann and Daniel Hoesl create a fascinating observational documentary in which judgement is never handed out and where the dialectics of conflicts matter more than easy and reassuring answers. The film asks the viewer some uncomfortable questions by focusing on challenges that the new global economy poses to the world.
697240 This is the inside story of the Freddie Mercury you never knew: a behind the scenes story focusing on the two years that changed his life from the summer of 1985 at Live AID when he achieved his greatest musical triumph to the spring of 1987 when he faced his deepest fears and was diagnosed with AIDS. It’s the true story of his battle to keep his privacy against a prying tabloid press to work despite crippling pain and to confound science and save his life.
697348 He defeated an entire army and slayed a lion with his bare hands.  But there's a secret behind Samson's superpower.  Chosen by God from birth he's been given superhuman strength - as long as he follows the rules.  And that's where the trouble begins.  Samson soon falls prey to temptation losing his strength and sight.  And it's here where he will face his greatest challenge.  Journey with this unlikely hero as he battle the Philistines - and his own personal calling.  Filmed in front of a live audience at Sight & Sound Theatres in Lancaster PA.
699052 Holden’s Torana A9X Hatchback hit the racetracks in late 1977 as GMH attempted to halt the big dollar Moffat Ford Dealer Team steamroller that took first and second placings in the 1977 Australian Touring Car Championship. Peter Brock threw down the gauntlet to Allan Moffat at the Sandown 500 with a debut victory in his privateer Torana A9X but both Moffat and Colin Bond took sweet revenge with a one/two result at Bathurst as lack of development proved costly for the leading Toranas.
699928 U2's 360° concert at the famous Pasadena Rose Bowl was U2's biggest ever show in the United States with a box office attendance in excess of 97000.  The first live streaming of a full-length stadium concert U2360° at the Rose Bowl streamed across seven continents making history with over 10 million views in one week. Shot entirely in HD this ground breaking concert was filmed with 28 cameras and directed by Tom Krueger who previously shot the concert film U23D. U2360° resumes in Europe in August with North American dates to follow in 2011.
700618 In 1990 thanks to his role in Dance with the Wolves Kevin Costner is an actor who brings in 425 million dollars and the film wins 7 Oscars. How did Kevin Costner go from light to shade? Where did his fortune go? How in 2012 did he return to success and love? The story of a destiny the story of one of the most beautiful men in American cinema. But who is Kevin Costner really? What pushed him to refuse the main role of Django Unchained which turns out to be one of the biggest successes of recent years? Is it because he favors his private life? You will discover the ambitious and calculating man who leaves nothing to chance.
"701618 What do a farmer in Kansas a laid-off factory worker in Ohio and an Uber driver in Florida have in common? All three are resourceful positive thinkers who strive to adapt and thrive despite dehumanizing forces at play in the American economy. As the film's heroes face these roadblocks with courage certain ideals remain sacred: family love and staying strong in the face of adversity. Lush cinematography galvanizes a sense of place and as the narrative unfolds the intimacy with the characters results in an emotionally rich observational drama. Ultimately ""The Disrupted"" reveals a collective American experience of financial challenge family resilience and the quest for the purpose and dignity of work."
701990 Featuring film and TV-show music from multiple award-winning franchises such as The Lord of the Rings and Game of Thrones. Including also film music tracks from Highlander Harry Potter The Chronicles of Narnia and many more.  The spectacular music and lighting effects an 80-piece choir and original quotes from The Chronicles of Narnia Game of Thrones and Lord of the Rings make the concert a visual and acoustic treat.  With concert orchestration is based on the original orchestration of the film soundtracks and featuring David Bateson known as the original voice of Agent 47 from the Hitman franchise.
702738 Cryptopia: Bitcoin Blockchains and the Future of the Internet takes a deep dive into the crypto ecosystem and blockchain technology to discover the good the bad and the ugly of this controversial industry its major narratives conflicts and the major players behind it. Can blockchain technology be used to create a new fairer decentralised and uncensored web3.0 where we can control our data and protect our online identities? Or will the potential be squandered as mega corporations once again compete for dominance in this new field.  With his unrivalled and exclusive access award-winning filmmaker Torsten Hoffman (Bitcoin: The End of Money as We Know It) takes us on a journey into the heart of this brave new world.
"702847 Fleeing the anti-Semitism of Czarist Russia capturing the rhythms of the Lower East Side and eventually enchanting the entire world Irving Berlin epitomized the American dream. Featuring some of Berlin’s most popular and enduring songs—from ""God Bless America” “There’s No Business Like Show Business” “Blue Skies” to ""White Christmas” and beyond—Felder’s signature creation of character and musical performance weaves a narrative around Berlin’s 101 year lifespan including his long and heartening relationship with his wife battles against anti-Semitism and of course his storied music."
703447 This production from Cirque du Soleil is a lyrical fanciful kinetic foray into the seventh art. Bringing together dance acrobatics live video filmed sequences and animation the show takes spectators on a fantastic voyage through the history of cinema and its genres taking them into the heart of the movie-making process. From illustration to animation black and white to colour silent films to talkies fixed shots to swooping camera movements spectators witness the poetic construction/deconstruction of this art as an object and as a way of transcending reality.
"703778 ""He Sends Rain"" is a narrative feature film about a young man whose perspective is challenged when he is forced to confront old wounds. At the onset of this story David Conrad is a man who trusts his intellect and his anger about a family tragedy has transformed into deeply rooted bitterness. During a visit to David's family home Julia his wife notices negative changes in David's personality and attempts to uncover the mystery of David's past. In this film David is forced to confront where he's wrong about himself about his relationships and about faith. As Socrates put it ""The unexamined life is not worth living."" ""He Sends Rain"" explores this idea and it does so in an entertaining and thoughtful way."
704885 The film starts with a release of peoples' vote of government election where Rajamanthri (Vijaya) lost his seat and crying with his allies. However his secretary Sumanasiri (Rodney) revealed that the winning member has been hospitalized after hearing the shocking news of that he won the election of the seat. Rajamanthri and crew went to the hospital and finally the winning member died and Rajamanthri won the seat. After winning the seat he started to celebrate the win but his fellow ministers (Priyantha and Jayasiri) started to make actions against him. However with many funny incidents Rajamanthri pass all the battles with the help of his allies. Meanwhile Liyana Mahaththaya (Lal) clark (Mihira) and Kalu mudalali (Giriraj) proposed an Awurudu Ulela to impress Chief minister Narendrasinghe (Sathischandra).
705009 In March of 2017 Baltimore was rocked by one of the nation’s largest Police corruption scandals when seven members of the elite Gun Trace Task Force unit were federally indicted on racketeering charges. Defense attorney Ivan Bates wasn’t shocked by the news because for years he had been listening to the victims of these crimes and had been trying to bring down the corrupt sergeant. I GOT A MONSTER is the true story of a cat-and-mouse game in an upside-down world where the cops are also the robbers.
705323 The Bad Ninja releases a relentless attack on Good Ninja which defeats not only his physical strength but his mental strength as well. After having lost everything the Good Ninja travels to a far off land seeking haven and wisdom from his former master.  There he finds the strength and courage to return to the city and once and for all face his enemies and to challenge the Bad Ninja for one last time in what turns out to truly be....The Most Ultimate Showdown.
706646 Beautiful ruthlessly ambitious intelligent and successful businesswoman Catherine Black lives a life of luxury in an architectural dream house in Malibu with exclusive designer fashions fast cars and exquisite jewelry. She has no need for a man except to satisfy her natural serial killer instinct literally. When Tyler a petty thief responds to her online roommate ad he thinks he's struck gold. But he has no idea that after a night of partying and passion he is really just on her menu to be her next victim… until real romance gets in the way.
706995 This unprecedented cinematic production is an in-depth look at Game 6 of the 1998 NBA Finals which saw the Chicago Bulls and Utah Jazz go head to head in one of the most iconic games in NBA history. Game 6: The Movie features exclusive never-before-seen game footage captured by five different NBA Entertainment cameras and a presentation of the historic game in new innovative ways. It is accompanied by original commentary from Bob Costas Isiah Thomas Doug Collins Ahmad Rashad and Jim Gray.
"707080 Based on the jaw-dropping contact accounts of individuals from around the world AMONG US explores the suspicious phenomenon of non-human presence on Earth from angels to ETs and unveils the many ways they may be interacting communicating and transferring subliminal information into our consciousness and potentially our DNA. The film ultimately shows that the interconnectedness of all species may be beneficial and most likely inevitable for the evolution of an intelligent universe. This film has been released in some territories under the title: ""ET Contact: They are here""."
707426 A documentary on the life of Matthew Kennedy one of the first internationally acclaimed African American concert pianists and former director of the Fisk Jubilee Singers of Nashville Tennessee. The film contains footage of interviews with Dr. Kennedy live performances radio broadcasts studio recordings and interviews with his former students and colleagues.  Born in the segregated South in 1921 Matthew Kennedy was known throughout his home state of Georgia as a child-prodigy. At age 12 he attended a concert given by the famous Russian pianist Sergei Rachmaninoff in Macon Georgia in 1932. Kennedy describes what he remembers of the concert from his perspective in the segregated balcony for “Colored.” He was also the star of his own radio show in the early 1930s. At that time Kennedy's stage name on radio and in the cinema – where he played the organ to accompany the silent films – was “Sunshine.”
707701 Alice-Miranda (Maisy Wright-Smith) is the youngest girl at her boarding school. She arrives to find a very unhappy staff governed by the reclusive Principal Ms Grim (Michelle Doake) who has not been seen for the past 10 years. With her cheerful nature and uncanny ability to always see the best in others no matter how badly they may treat her Alice-Miranda with the help of her new found friends Millie (Lila Tapper) and Jacinta (Lola Carlton) embarks upon a series of plans aimed at bringing joy and comfort to everyone around her.  - Australian Council on Children and the Media
"707901 From grand spectacles to poignant close-ups experience Helgi Tomasson's bravura interpretation of Shakespeare's Romeo & Juliet like you've never seen it before. With passionate choreography spine-tingling swordsmansip and a celebrated score by Sergei Prokofiev San Francisco Ballet's passionate retelling of the Bard's greatest tragedy has packed houses around the world. Romeo & Juliet is one of the Company's most popular and widely toured ballets and has been seen by more than 200000 people since it premiered in 1994. Choreographed by Helgi Tomasson with sets and costumes by Jens-Jacob Worsaae this visually stunning production and the brilliant dancers of San Francisco Ballet bring this powerful and touching tragedy - and Renaissance-era Verona - vivdly to life. """"Tomasson lifts Shakespeare's complex and familiar language off the gilded pages and translates it into lucid classical choreography that is visceral fresh and ultimately sublime"""" (Huffington Post)."
707974 Ghya-chang-fou literally means 'suddenly beheading' in Bengali. it features thirteen unnamed people gathering in a mansion filled with archaic objects to celebrate what appears to be a communist revolution. Nothing seems real roads open up to improbable places places lead to impossible elevators elevators lift people to unconvincing roads. Bacchanalian spirit steadily overtakes the initial deadpan seriousness. The encore of celebration sounds delusionary as the drunken conversation about communism about its methods and means about it intricate turns through history degenerates to bourgeois nonsense and decadence leading to absurd rifts comic conflicts unleashed orgies and debauchery.
708116 Drum & Bass: The Movement explores how a unique UK club culture rose from an underground movement to become a global phenomenon infiltrating and influencing disciplines from mainstream pop music to video games. From dubplates to mainstream crossovers to the labels the tracks and the clubs that shaped the game Drum & Bass: The Movement is a snapshot of jungle drum & bass history and how it’s always been much more than a genre of dance music: it’s a lifestyle. The movement continues...
708181 In their not quite biggest adventures yet the boys visit the good old US of A and former Eastern Bloc Albania for two action packed road trips. In America our trio armed with the hottest new supercars - the Mercedes SLS Ferrari 458 and the Porsche 911 GT3RS - head through NASCAR country and enjoy a dancing Mayor a Stig on a drive by shooting range and the white knuckle Virginia Raceway with their adventure climaxing in a race across New York.  But that's nothing compared to Albania where they are summoned by a Mafia Boss to pick a winner from the new Rolls-Royce Ghost The Mercedes S-Class and the new Bentley Mulsanne (sort of). Keen to please the boys embark on their most comprehensive test ever including the Dead Fat Man in the Boot challenge and a bank robbery to find the best getaway car. Will James be killed in the resulting car chase? The answer is yes. Definitely.
"709129 The Chicago businessman escaped from Dubai on Aug 17 1998 by mailing himself to Amsterdam in a wooden crate. Caught between a handful of unscrupulous businessmen and an unpredictable legal system he relied on the trust of a handful of individuals to devise and excute a plan for escape. His course of action tested him physically mentally and spiritually. As the only American prisoner in the Dubai jail when Ted was needed for a court appearance the guards would simply say ""Amereki Kum."""
709567 When seven nuclear attacks hit the United States the country is thrown into chaos. But none of the areas are affected as severely as Southern California where the radiation has created an infestation of zombies. Following Giovanni Fish and his family Red Days follows a small group of survivors as they battle zombies and learn to live under a new communist regime. Set in the Not So Sane Universe Red Days begins as the United States falls into chaos after seven simultaneous nuclear devices are set off causing civil war and a break up of the union. Van and his family struggle to survive the aftermath of the attack. Stranded in his house for nearly five years Van attempts to keep zombies from destroying what’s left of his existence as he slowly watches everything he believed in and knew about himself crumble into nothing. His last hope comes as his daughter who disappeared on the night of the attacks returns but she has a secret of her own that could either save or condemn Van.
"709735 Anand ""Ram Karthik"" an aspiring young Radio Jackie. One day one boy called the radio center and told that I am a love failure and now I am going to do suicide. After listing his concern Anand narrates a love story to keep him away from suicide. He told that story episode wise and his story becomes very popular. Incidentally this story becomes true in Anand's life and bring his love ""Pranali Ghoghare"" closer to him. For finding out his love Anand faces many problems and struggles much. How he found out his love and struggles to make everyone happy Forms rest of the Story."
710588 Following their induction into the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame in 2019 Def Leppard returned to Las Vegas for their infamous Sin City residency at the Zappos Theater in Planet Hollywood. Stunning video walls two stages great musicianship and a frenzied crowd made for an unforgettable concert experience. A set featuring rarities such as Too Late For Love Billy’s Got A Gun Slang and Promises the band also picked up their acoustic guitars for the rarely performed songs Let Me Be The One We Belong Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad and Two Steps Behind. Along with their greatest hits this two-and-a-half-hour concert features 28 mind blowing songs that will change your concept of what a rock concert should be!
710891 In 2016 Stacie is barely scraping by in the small city of Rutland Vermont. Manufacturing jobs have moved out the opioid crisis has moved in and the working poor are at their breaking point. Stacie collects bottles to stretch her husband’s unemployment benefits while she raises her kids and keeps herself off heroin. So when Rutland’s mayor takes the controversial step of accepting 100 Syrian refugees as part of his economic diversification plan Stacie is torn. With so few jobs and government resources available to the people who already live there residents begin to split along xenophobic and compassionate lines. Invalidated all her life for her poverty and addiction Stacie could just as easily succumb to the white rage that crystallizes around her as identify with the intense daily struggles she shares with the incoming refugees. Nuanced and passionate this fascinating look at a town divided reveals an unlikely hero caught in a flashpoint of Trump’s America.
711340 In a collection of intimate interviews with some of America's most provocative black conservative thinkers Uncle Tom takes a unique look at being black in America. Featuring media personalities ministers civil rights activists veterans and a self-employed plumber the film explores their personal journeys of navigating the world as one of America's most misunderstood political and cultural groups: The American Black Conservative. In this eye-opening film from Director Justin Malone and Executive Producer Larry Elder Uncle Tom examines self-empowerment individualism and rejecting the victim narrative. Uncle Tom shows us a different perspective of American History from this often ignored and ridiculed group.
711550 Chloe (Karynn Moore) is a nanny who desperately wants to adopt but needs to get her life together first. She finds the perfect live-in nanny position with the Brown family - Emily (Austin Highsmith) Michael (Michael Aaron Milligan) and their son - that will help get her life back on track. She quickly learns they're oddly strict about security with coded locks on all doors. Emily explains it's due to her famous musician ex named Baz (Jason Skeen) who stalks her. Horrified Chloe agrees to help Emily and Michael keep their son safe. But when Chloe notices things seem a bit off with the Browns Emily and Michael turn on Chloe and accuse her of being a spy for Baz. They lock her up to force a false confession out of her but Chloe soon learns that it's not Baz that's making bad things happen - it's Emily who is determined to win back Baz by any means necessary.
712591 An all-star cast tells the inside story of the Broadway theater and how it came back from the brink thanks to innovative work a new attention to inclusion and a sometimes uneasy balance between art and commerce. Legends of the stage and screen—including Helen Mirren Christine Baranski August Wilson James Corden Alec Baldwin John Lithgow Viola Davis Hugh Jackman and Ian McKellen—take us behind the scenes of Broadway's most groundbreaking and beloved shows from A Chorus Line to Hamilton. Iconic performances by Lin Manuel Miranda Patti LuPone Bernadette Peters James Earl Jones and Mandy Patinkin lead the way on a hurly burly ride through Times Square once again the main street of American show business in this documentary directed by Academy-Award nominee Oren Jacoby.
712603 For the first time Drew Struzan opens his studio and welcomes us in. This is the only footage shot that shows his entire process the same techniques he used to create some of his most iconic posters including: Indiana Jones Star Wars Back To The Future Harry Potter Walking Dead and so many more. See him actually working conceiving drawing and painting the original movie poster art for HELLBOY. The master reveals all. Hear him explain how why and what he is thinking all along the way.
713318 In the 1980s Keith Haring blazed a trail through the galleries and nightclubs of downtown New York's art scene. Rebellious and ingenious Haring chose to operate both inside and outside the art world. Inspired by the city's graffiti scene he made New York's subways tarpaulins and walls his canvas. This new feature documentary blends stunning archive and an edgy soundtrack with tender and candid first-hand accounts of Haring. It tells the extraordinary story of an artist who lived and created with a boundless energy throughout the social cultural and political counter-revolution of the 1980s.
713598 Justine Grace is desperate to sort out her life her marriage to her husband Tom and herself. When Domenic a handsome yoga teacher takes an interest in her it seems like he might be the one to finally bring happiness to her life. However he has ideas that go beyond yoga. Justine must find the strength within herself to save her marriage save her life and survive a sociopath as he tries to seduce her into the perfect pose. Ashley Wood Brady Smith Panos Vlahos star.
713703 On the hottest day of the year an unknown virus spreads throughout inner-city Philadelphia. The infected victims crazed by dehydration begin attacking other residents of the neighborhood in gruesome ways. When the military is brought in to contain the situation but realize they can't come up with a vaccine quickly enough they fence off the area and let everyone die.  A group of locals stuck in the basement of their building behind the fences and separated from their family members band together to try to survive.
"714322 The concept? Having 1000 musicians and singers perform to perform the greatest hits of the rock repertoire. Rockin’1000 simply is the world’s biggest rock band!  Think  250 drummers 250 guitarists and 250 singers on the Stade de France pitch. It has never been seen before!  The concept was created our of a crazy bet launched in 2015 by the inhabitants of Cesena in Italy. Fabio Zaffagnini and his friends dream that Foo Fighters would actually come and perform in their city. To convince them they make the band's ""Learn to Fly"" performed by 1000 amateur musicians."
715387 Scott and Vincent are top recruits at the prestigious Cicero Market Technologies Corporation where they are tasked with the development and implementation of cutting edge technologies.  The sole purpose of their work is to bring about medical environmental and physics advancements.  However beaten by their own curiosity the pair begin to sneak their work home with them.  They push the boundaries of particle collision science to undiscovered levels stumbling upon a parallel universe complete with an alternate version of Scott.  As their days and nights unfold they begin to discover that others seek their tech to advance their own agendas.  Agendas that they intend to fulfill at any cost.
715893 One morning when Riley (Chantel Little) should be at classes her mother Angie (Maissa Houri) hears a cellphone ringing from her bedroom soon to discover Riley left her phone behind. She answers what is Riley's best friend Mackenzie's (Willow Mcgregor) third attempt to reach someone. After Angie asks if Riley is with her she realizes Mackenzie was about to ask the same thing. Shortly after Angie checks the main closet and finds Riley's shoes are still there. Did she leave in the middle of the night or vanish into thin air? Riley's circles paint a picture of the events surrounding her disappearance while exploring leads in what becomes a harrowing mystery of twists turns and answers that poses the question: Was it better to not know what really happened after finding out the truth?
715904 Filmed at Etihad Stadium in Manchester England on June 18 2019. This concert is part of the WorldWired Tour by American heavy metal band Metallica in support of their tenth studio album Hardwired... to Self-Destruct which was released on November 18 2016. It is also their first worldwide tour after the World Magnetic Tour six years earlier. Set-List: 1. Hardwired / 2. The Memory Remains (with extended outro) / 3. Disposable Heroes / 4. The God That Failed / 5. The Unforgiven / 6. Here Comes Revenge / 7. Moth Into Flame / 8. Sad but True / 9. Welcome Home (Sanitarium) (followed by Kirk & Rob's solos incl. 'I Wanna Be Adored' 'ManUNkind' & 'Orion') / 10. St. Anger / 11. One / 12. Master of Puppets / 13. For Whom the Bell Tolls / 14. Creeping Death / 15. Seek & Destroy / 16. Lords of Summer / 17. Nothing Else Matters / 18. Enter Sandman (with 'The Frayed Ends of Sanity' outro).
715935 Ophir tells the story behind the likely birth of the world’s newest nation on Bougainville Island Papua New Guinea. The story of an unknown indigenous revolution for humanity land and culture and a decade long war. The film documents its origin and aftermath where antagonistic visions of the world collude and collide. A poetic yet dramatic ode to the indelible thirst of a peoples for freedom culture and sovereignty; it offers a gripping exposition of the visible and invisible chains of colonisation and its enduring cycles of physical and psychological warfare.
716411 Almost one hundred years ago the project to reduce the world to mathematical physics failed suddenly and completely: “One of the best-kept secrets of science” physicist Nick Herbert writes “is that physicists have lost their grip on reality.” The world we are now told emerges spontaneously out of “nothing” and constitutes a “multiverse” where “anything that can happen will happen and it will happen an infinite number of times.”  Legendary reclusive genius Wolfgang Smith demonstrates on shockingly obvious grounds the dead end at which physics has arrived and how we can “return at last to the real world.”  The End of Quantum Reality  introduces this extraordinary man to a contemporary audience which has perhaps never encountered a true philos-sophia one as intimately at ease with the rigors of quantum physics as with the greatest schools of human wisdom.
"716517 Mae West achieved great acclaim in every entertainment medium that existed during her lifetime spanning eight decades of the 20th century. A full-time actress at seven a vaudevillian at 14 a dancing sensation at 25 a playwright at 33 a silver screen ingénue at 40 a Vegas nightclub act at 62 a recording artist at 73 a camp icon at 85 - West left no format unconquered. She possessed creative and economic powers unheard of for a female entertainer in the 1930s and still rare today. Though a comedian West grappled with some of the more complex social issues of the 20th century including race and class tensions and imbued even her most salacious plotlines with commentary about gender conformity societal restrictions and what she perceived as moral hypocrisy. Mae West: Dirty Blonde is the first major documentary film to explore West's life and career as she ""climbed the ladder of success wrong by wrong"" to become a writer performer and subversive agitator for social change."
716539 Oh wow! Back in the before time in the long long ago before many of you were even born people could roam the earth freely without fear of being struck down by deadly diseases. We now present to you a relic from that ancient time-lost era; a 'live concert'! Behold in wonder as 3000 people stand shoulder to shoulder in a room without becoming deathly ill! Marvel at the careless abandon as 5 talentless musicians play a show for 90 minutes without once washing their hands! Recoil in horror as a 2 metre tall man inhales several beers in swift succession! Most importantly though stay home stay safe and enjoy the show!
716757 Noah had the perfect life – nice car great job and a beautiful fiancé. Then he learns she is cheating at the same time he learns his father is clinging to life in hospice care with cancer. Now hopelessly lost he befriends a homeless man named Walter and decides to help him restart his life in northern Michigan and loose himself in the trip. Noah hopes that along the way he will also find himself again. In a world where society is moving incredibly fast two new friends go on the journey of their lives.
717224 In exclusive new interviews stars and legends across the sports and entertainment landscape discuss Ken Griffey Jr.’s generational talent which transcended baseball and made him one of sports’ most famous athletes. Narrated by Emmy and Golden Globe award-winning actor Sterling K. Brown the 90-minute documentary chronicles Griffey Jr.’s journey from growing up in clubhouses alongside his father Ken Griffey Sr. to becoming the face of baseball throughout the 1990s. From his picturesque swing to his unforgettable swagger Griffey Jr. opens up about his life’s seminal moments which propelled him to 630 home runs and a first-ballot induction into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 2016.
717245 When a courageous young woman and a radical lawyer discover a pattern of illegal involuntary sterilizations in California’s women’s prison system they take to the courtroom to wage a near-impossible battle against the Department of Corrections. With a growing team of investigators inside prison working with colleagues on the outside they uncover a series of statewide crimes - from dangerously inadequate health care to sexual assault to coercive sterilizations - primarily targeting women of color. But no one believes them. This shocking legal drama captured over seven years features extraordinary access and intimate accounts from currently and formerly incarcerated women demanding our attention to a shameful and ongoing legacy of eugenics and reproductive injustice in the United States.
717672 When her boyfriend Ben suddenly dies in an accident mother-to-be Charlotte collapses upon receiving the news. She wakes up in Ben’s family home a crumbling old manor house in the middle of nowhere with Ben’s overbearing mother and his controlling stepbrother who are determined to care for her. Grief-stricken and increasingly haunted by visions possibly brought on by the pregnancy Charlotte begins to doubt the family's intentions and her suspicions grow that they may be trying to control her and her unborn baby.
718166 THE FANDOM dives headfirst in the imaginative world of “furries” the often-misunderstood internet subculture of fans of the anthropomorphic arts. Using a bountiful collection of archival tapes and images this documentary traces the evolution of the furry fandom from its roots in the 1970s to the expansive international community it has become today. Join a host of charming characters (including the grandparents of the fandom itself) on this heart-warming journey through the decades; witness the many triumphs and challenges that shaped “furry” into the most unique fandom of all time.
718633 Jackie Justice is a mixed martial arts fighter who leaves the sport in disgrace. Down on her luck and simmering with rage and regret years after the fight she's coaxed into a brutal underground fight by her manager and boyfriend Desi and grabs the attention of a fight league promoter who promises Jackie a life back in the Octagon. But the road to redemption becomes unexpectedly personal when Manny - the son she gave up as an infant - shows up at her doorstep. A triumphant story of a fighter who reclaims her power in and out of the ring when everyone has counted her out
"718847 Hard rock renegades Quiet Riot were one of the most popular hard rock bands of the 1980s and this live concert video finds them still kicking up dust on stage in 2002. Quiet Riot: Live in the 21st Century captures a live show from the L.A. rockers including a short acoustic set a tribute to former guitarist Randy Rhodes and additional archive footage which offers a look at the band's 20-year history. Songs include ""Metal Health"" ""Cum on Feel the Noize"" ""Feel the Pain"" ""Vicious Circle"" ""Danger Zone"" and many more."
719569 Two New Yorkers fall in and out of love over the course of five years. Written by Tony Award-winning composer Jason Robert Brown the play is now produced in an entirely new and innovative way. It is the musical’s unconventional structure that is allowing this brand-new highly innovative form of streamed theatre to be created. Jamie tells his story chronologically from their love-at-first-site meeting whilst Cath tells her story in reverse from the end of their turbulent relationship to the start. This means the two characters do not directly interact except for one song in the middle of the show when their timelines intersect.
720336 This compilation of five early short films by Martin Scorsese offers a fascinating window onto his artistic development. Spanning the years from Scorsese’s time at NYU in the mid-1960s to the late ’70s when he was emerging as one of the era’s most electrifying talents Scorsese Shorts centers on the intimate home movie Italianamerican—a loving snapshot of the director’s parents—and American Boy a freewheeling portrait of the larger-than-life raconteur Steven Prince. Also included are The Big Shave a daringly visceral response to America’s involvement in Vietnam and the bracing student films What’s a Nice Girl Like You Doing in a Place Like This? and It’s Not Just You Murray! Touching on many of Scorsese’s key themes—Italian American identity family his beloved New York City—these are hilarious candid and illuminating works from the preeminent American filmmaker of our time.
720998 This two-hour retrospective in which the entire cast will tell the stories of their characters from the moment they were introduced through to where they were left at the end of the last episode of season 7. Beautifully shot interviews of the cast and the EPs are punctuated by clips of the most crucial moments in the series.  If someone has never seen a moment of The Walking Dead before this special will catch them up on the plot characters locations and unique terminology of the series leading up to season 8.
722464 In 2016 after Glenn Frey died the Eagles went on a hiatus as Don Henley decided that the band would not play again. However Henley reversed his decision and it was announced in March 2017 that the Eagles would perform in two festivals featuring classic rock bands organized by their manager Irving Azoff starting with The Classic West festival held at the Dodger Stadium in July that year. Henley brought in Frey's son Deacon to perform with the remaining members of the Eagles in these shows after he saw Deacon performed Glenn Frey's songs at his memorial service.
722624 This is the first feature-length documentary on legendary director Raoul Walsh. In this 'memoir' Walsh 'recounts' his career from the silent film era to the tumultuous 1960s. The documentary makes stunning use of rare personal and production photos and footage revealing Walsh's extraordinary adventurous life on and off the set. From his apprenticeship with D.W. Griffith to his discovery of John Wayne and Rock Hudson from the innovative 'The Thief of Bagdad' (1924) to the widescreen 'The Big Trail' (1930) from his classic work with Cagney Bogart and Flynn to his mastery of every genre (musicals comedies Westerns gangster war) Walsh made Hollywood history. His life is nothing less than the story of Hollywood itself. Here's a full-bodied account of one of Hollywood's greatest legends.
722801 The Born This Way Ball was the third concert tour by American singer Lady Gaga in support of her second studio album Born This Way (2011). The tour visited 6 continents and was ranked as the fifth highest-grossing tour of 2012 by Pollstar earning a total of $183.9 million from 98 dates. The tour was well received by critics who praised the stage design Gaga's vocal abilities and different expressive messages. Relieve the entire show with this meticulously edited collection of videos from around the world.
724417 A benefit stream of an exclusive evening with a Broadway Legend leading lady and three-time Tony Award recipient Bernadette Peters. Throughout the evening get the scoop from Peters and Broadway and television star Michael Urie as they talk about the concert and share insider stories. The one-night-only benefit concert in support of Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS and Broadway Barks originally performed at Broadway's Minskoff Theatre in 2009 features spectacular performances of songs by Stephen Sondheim Rodgers & Hammerstein and more.
"724995 A coming of age story about five teenagers growing up in Harlem New York in the 1980's. It is the beginning of a new generation of kids called the ""hip hop"" generation which unfortunately was growing up alongside the ""crack cocaine"" generation. Karon falls into a deep sleep after his graduation in 1985. Having dreams within dreams takes him into a realistic drama along with his potential future in the 1990's as a drug selling youth. His fast money attitude serves as the detriment to the community and ultimately his best friends become caught in the crossfire of his illicit activity. He awakens back in 1985 realizing the ""easy way out"" that was offered wasn't a glorious new beginning it was the end."
726159 Elton’s first ever concert in Verona and just his 10th in Italy took place during his 130-show global tour of 1988-1989 to promote the album “Reg Strikes Back” which reached #3 in Italy. Backed by his new eight-piece band Elton delighted the crowd and those watching live across Europe on Sky TV with songs from throughout his career; he began the show with four selections from 1970 and included five from the new album in the 22-song set list. Clearly moved by the audience who enthusiastically lead the performer into a gospel soul rendition of “Sad Songs (Say So Much)” before witnessing one of his funkier extended piano solos during “Mona Lisas And Mad Hatters (Part Two)” Elton and the band anchored by drummer Jonathan Moffett (George Michael Madonna Michael Jackson and the Jackson family) gave it their all on that Wednesday evening with a performance that stands the test of time over 30 years later.
"726455 Trapped between the worlds of the living and the dead remnants are a violent memory burned into a space. These remnants may be good or bad just as in life. But what happens once these memories between worlds are set free? In the paranormal epicenter of Gettysburg PA wealthy businessman Snap Nimzer invents a new business: ""clearing"" remnants from our realm with a crew able to ""see"" these lost souls. All the while just below him a portal separates the human and remnant worlds. When a professor discovers the portal breached by a new threat -- a serial killing clown -- the group goes on high alert. Snap's team draws ever closer to remnant world to right re-live join or escape the past. But entering this realm between worlds demands the intruder pay a heavy price."
726739 It's been ten years since the creation of the Great Truce an elaborate joint-species surveillance system designed and monitored by cats and dogs to keep the peace when conflicts arise. But when a tech-savvy villain hacks into wireless networks to use frequencies only heard by cats and dogs he manipulates them into conflict and the worldwide battle between cats and dogs is BACK ON. Now a team of inexperienced and untested agents will have to use their old-school animal instincts to restore order and peace between cats and dogs everywhere.
727152 GENTLEMAN'S CHOICE is the story of a truly nice guy who became a total jerk when he was drinking. When the STEROID GHB was added to the mix he became truly dangerous. A trained architect and judo competition winner from England and a man with strong will and ambition Chris Adams sought fame and fortune in America. He achieved it as a professional wrestler in the mid-1980 s as Gentleman Chris Adams. At the peak of his career he was performing in front of tens of thousands in stadiums and arenas with wrestling legends including Kerry and Kevin Von Erich. Adams submitted to the temptations that accompany fame and fortune. As soon as things were starting to go really well other things started to go seriously wrong. He got involved with the wrong crowd accidentally killed a girlfriend assaulted men and women spent time in prison and ultimately perished at the hands of his best friend.
727293 J.R. is a fatherless boy growing up in the glow of a bar where the bartender his Uncle Charlie is the sharpest and most colorful of an assortment of quirky and demonstrative father figures. As the boy’s determined mother struggles to provide her son with opportunities denied to her — and leave the dilapidated home of her outrageous if begrudgingly supportive father — J.R. begins to gamely if not always gracefully pursue his romantic and professional dreams with one foot persistently placed in Uncle Charlie’s bar.
727923 When Varthur McArthur the artistic director of a failing theater in Duluth invites his troupe of disgruntled actors and collaborators to the first read of an “immersive murder mystery dinner party” no one knew that he would be the victim. Or did they? Enter eager determined and untested Detective Justine Case. After sequestering the guests into separate rooms (because you know social-distancing) she gets down to finding out whodunnit uncovering secret affairs life-long grudges backstage drama and a lot of musical theater song and dance. Sifting through lies and red herrings and a truly baffling murder mystery script left by the deceased Case vows to find the truth and secure her future as a great detective.
728398 Madison lands her dream job at a publishing company. To her dismay she must complete a probationary period and will not receive her full salary until the process is over leaving her in a financial struggle. With a new career and struggling to make ends meet she works under the demands of her new job while raising two teens on her own. Making matters even more complicated she finds herself torn between an old flame and a new love interest.
728642 Learn the advantages of such breakthrough midrange movements as the myostatic reflex and peak contraction in a release that extols the benefits of Positions of Flexion in helping bodybuilders achieve impressive results in a fraction of the time allowed by traditional methods. In addition to offering a detailed analysis of the Positions of Flexion full-range muscle training method this release also performance tips muscle-fiber activations methods a POF analysis of all body parts and motivating lessons in continuous tension muscle synergy and target-muscle super compensation.
728795 Max Spencer a YouTube celebrity psychologist host of the show ‘Psychology-Inside/Out’ sets himself the challenge of getting an intensely agoraphobic woman to leave her home in just ten days. However as the minutes hours and seconds count down a creepy local legend about the black magic practicing Green Eyes that holds the town in it's grip starts to become a horrifying reality... Combining the best elements of the cursed found footage genre with spellbinding pagan visuals this is something of a dark fairytale for adults. Starring FrightFest favourites presenter Emily Booth and HELLRAISER’s Nicholas Vince.
729269 Inspired by Ann Rule’s true crime collection Mortal Danger and Other True Cases. Paul Carter was like a knight in shining armor when he met flight attendant Grace Tanner and swept her into a passionate love affair. But her dream man quickly became her nightmare as his jealous rage ultimately led to a brutal attack. Incredibly Grace was able to escape and go into hiding. Fearing for her life and the safety of other women Paul might seduce Grace works with the police to bring Paul to justice.
731732 The actual DOG LADY ISLAND is located in Monroe Michigan and has been the location of horrible tragedies for many years as Detective Michael James is in a race to solve why these things keep happening after one of his own family members were attacked on the island.As he digs deep investigating he finds out these tragedies this curse have been going on for hundreds of years which motivates him to try to put an end to the curse before someone else dies.
733278 While backstage on opening night of a new play by celebrated murder mystery author/director Neil Khan photographer Allie Adams discovers the body of the show’s leading lady murdered before the curtain went up. As Willow Haven PD Detective Sam Acosta launches his investigation he invites Allie – who has been helpful in solving his first two murder cases since joining the force -- to unofficially assist him on the. case. However Allie’s involvement makes her a target for murder herself when she gets too close to the truth.
733366 On his way up north to visit friends BEN picks up a mutual acquaintance SAM from her apartment in the city. Instead of taking the Interstate they both agree for the longer but more scenic coastal highway exploring and developing a companionship. Upon reaching San Francisco later that evening the two decide to divorce destination from conclusion and get back in their car to find out just how far the Pacific Coast Highway will take them. Along the route they wind through weathered towns giant forests state lines and the realization that the farther they go the closer they become and those forces that kept them looking back are being left far behind.
"733455 The ""Challenge of Champions"" celebrates the life and careers of Bull riding's two greatest celebrities: famed PRCA World Champion bull rider Lane Frost and Red Rock the sport's more fearsome bull who went unridden 309 times. The DVD includes candid and intimate interviews with some of the people closest to the sports' two best-known competitors: Lane's parents Clyde & Elsie Frost riding partners and friends Tuff Hedeman and Cody Lambert sportscaster George Michael stock contractor and owner of Red Rock John Growney journalist & photographers Sue Rosoff & Kendra Santos actor Luke Perry & others."
"734033 On this episode of ""Developmentally Speaking"" Bull James is back with two guests who offer a completely different view on the developmental system. Bull is joined by Kevin Thorn and Mike Bucci aka Nova and why do these two offer a such a unique look? Well Kevin was around when it all started back in OVW Nova was in it and was in the office over the developmental system. Don't miss this episode as you get to learn about the early days of the system and what it was like hiring and firing wrestlers. Things certainly have changed over the years from the places they train to the wrestlers themselves. So sit back and enjoy Developmentally Speaking with Kevin Thorn and Mike Bucci."
734800 After their first date Alex declares she would not go out with John even if he were the last man on Earth. The next day she wakes to find he is exactly that. With everyone gone they have time to get to know each other and all is going swell until they meet Wendy the smarter and prettier 'other woman' - and she has a plan to bring everyone back. Will Wendy come between Alex and John as she tries to save the world? Not if Alex and her trusty Epilady have anything to do with it. Sometimes all it takes is an apocalyptic catastrophe to help you find your true love.
734858 Rhea lives with her tight-knit multigenerational family. After her mother’s death she has been her father’s emotional rock and her life revolves around her family’s restaurant her eclectic group of friends and her after-school coding club. Everything changes when she falls for aspiring DJ Max and a long lost passion for music is reignited. Rhea discovers that she has a natural gift for creating beats and producing music that blends her Indian heritage but must find the courage to follow her true inner talent.
735493 Food influencer Scarlett Bailey is presented with the opportunity of a lifetime to work as a pastry chef in one of NYC's top restaurants. Her life gets put on hold when she returns to her hometown for her sister Maddie's wedding. Scarlett learns that her parents have sold the family home a B&B to her childhood flame Liam Perry and that Maddie has lost her wedding venue days before the nuptials. Scarlett suggests they host the event at the B&B and works with Liam to pull off the wedding of Maddie's dreams trying to put their history behind them. As her dream job in NYC becomes a firm offer Scarlett is forced to make a decision. She has been falling back in love with Liam and with her childhood home. With the countdown to the wedding day on will Liam Perry get to kiss the bridesmaid?
735727 In late 19th century Montana an artist (Benjamin Rigby) seeking inspiration explores the landscape with his Native American guide (Kiowa Gordon) and finds his conceptions of himself and of the world around him challenged. In 1970s Barstow California a questioning youth's (Uly Schlesinger) mundane existence is given a shot of adrenaline by the arrival of a new exchange student (Jessica Allain) who envelops them within her own lust for life. In present-day Wyoming a trans teenager (Ryan Cassata) works through his self-destructive feelings with his perceptive non-binary therapist (Kate Bornstein).
737277 Filmmaker Angelo Madsen Minax returns to his rural Michigan hometown following the death of his infant niece and the subsequent arrest of his brother-in-law as the culprit. Using the audio-visual approaches of essay film first-person cinema vérité staged actions and decades of home movies Madsen navigates a town steeped in opioid addiction economic depression and religious fervor while using the act of filmmaking to rebuild familial bonds and reimagine justice. Posing empathy as a tool for creating a more just world North By Current does not seek to investigate a crime but creates a relentless portrait of an enduring pastoral family poised to reframe and reimagine narratives about incarceration addiction trans embodiment and ruralness.
737608 YASUNI MAN is the award winning documentary feature about a conflict raging deep within the Ecuadorian Amazon. It's a real-life Avatar story. Once under siege by missionaries seeking to civilize them the Waorani people battle industry operatives and their own government in a fight to survive. Join filmmaker Ryan Patrick Killackey and his Waorani friend Otobo as they embark on an expedition into the most biodiverse forest on Earth. Witness what may be lost as oil companies encroach human rights violations run rampant and a forest Eden is destroyed - all for the oil that lies beneath Yasuni.
737684 Maggie a successful entrepreneur returns home for a will reading and discovers she’s inherited half of her aunt’s famed maple candy business. What she doesn’t understand is why Aunt Dee’s maple supplier Dex inherited the other half. Her return also coincides with the town’s Sweet Autumn Fest and through a series of letters Aunt Dee left Maggie and Dex search for the reason behind her aunt’s final wishes. As she and Dex grow closer Maggie must decide if the life she built is the one she wants.
738124 The Phantoms is a television movie inspired by the heart-warming real-life events surrounding the 2009 New Brunswick provincial championship victory by the Bathurst High School (BHS Phantoms) boys varsity basketball team a year after a terrible road accident takes the lives of seven players and the coach’s wife.  In the following school year as tragedy hangs over the community the BHS Phantoms are reconstituted. The ragtag bunch of players gels as a team and manages to lift community spirit on the long road to the provincial basketball finals.
738147 A look at the story of Liverpool's quest to return to the top of English football by winning the Premier League. This is a revealing insight into why the club fell away after their domination of football in the 80s inluding how the club's identity was shaped by both the tragedies of Heysel and Hillsborough the struggle to keep up with the rapidly changing world of football and the Jurgen Klopp revolution that has returned them back to the summit of the game.
740595 After a thirty-year-plus hiatus Todd Rundgren's Utopia graced the Chicago Theater stage with the hopes of promising fans an extraordinary other-worldly concert experience.  In the 1990s Todd retired Utopia and reverted to making his own music with varying degrees of success and then last year came the announcement of the long-awaited U.S. reunion tour where the album in review here originates. Recorded in Chicago on 22nd May 2018 the music reflects a run through many of the finer moments of the Utopia back catalogue. Todd is joined by fellow original members Willie Wilcox (drums) and Kasim Sultan (bass) alongside replacement keyboard player Gil Assayas who covered at short notice for an indisposed Ralph Shuckett. The original 70's-formed band established a stellar reputation for stretching the prog rock/pop.  MUSICIANS  Todd Rundgren – Guitar Lead Vocals  Kasim Sultan – Bass Guitars Lead Vocals  Willie Wilcox – Drums  Gil Assayas – Keyboards Backing Vocals
740952 Newly engaged Shelby John and Ruby Red want a fresh start after their struggles with addiction but when Shelby discovers his beloved Ruby dead on their porch he embarks on a vengeful killing spree of the dealers who supplied her. Armed with nothing but adrenaline and a nail gun Shelby begins to unleash chaos on the town’s criminal underbelly as he hunt’s down crime lord Coyote. Sheriff Church must race against the clock to put an end to Shelby's vigilante justice before the entire town descends into a bloodbath.
"741204 Filmmaker Paul Saltzman retraces his journey of 50 years ago when he spent a life-changing time with the Beatles at the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi's ashram on the banks of the Ganges River. In 1968 he discovered his own soul learned meditation which changed his life and hung out with John Paul George and Ringo. Fifty years later he finds ""Bungalow Bill"" in Hawaii; connects with David Lynch about his own inner journey; as well as preeminent Beatles historian Mark Lewisohn; Academy Award nominated film composer Laurence Rosenthal; and Pattie and Jenny Boyd. And much of this is due to Saltzman's own daughter Devyani reminding him that he had put away and forgotten these remarkably intimate photographs of that time in 1968."
741692 “Joseph” a story of dreams and the power of forgiveness is now available on DVD. Captured before a live audience Joseph takes flight in his colorful coat. You’ll be immersed in all the action with intimate close-ups sweeping dramatic shots and exhilarating production numbers. You’ll also experience exclusive interviews and behind-the-scenes footage which reveals how this biblical epic was adapted from script to stage.  Now you can experience this amazing live stage production in a captivating new way and give the gift of that experience to others. So journey back in time and dare to dream through the life of Joseph.
741699 OG' is a film about a legendary Brazilian born NYC skateboarder Harry Jumonji. In the course of telling his story through his triumphs and travails Jumonji emerges in this portrait as an adolescent innocent much like skateboarding itself. He is irrepressible manically energetic and ultimately pure. He has a transcendent presence well beyond charm or charisma of such unalloyed joy that nothing he does is unforgiveable. This is fortunate because as a drug addict unsurprisingly he lies cheats and steals. Harry is rendered as the poet the sprite the artist and the street saint he is.
741709 For the first time in its 30-year history a Sight & Sound stage production is available on DVD. Sight & Sound Theatres is proud to present the beloved and captivating musical “Ruth” which is filmed in high definition before a live audience. This treasured biblical story set to an original musical score follows the improbable journey of Ruth and Naomi two destitute widows whose faith in God and in each other ignites a chain of events that changes the course of history.
741852 Behemoth has raised the bar when it comes to livestream shows. This year the music industry has been hit hard following the COVID-19 pandemic that has affected the entire globe. While concerts are starting to pick up the life and shows we remember that took place just over six months ago remain uncertain. Bands had to think quickly and reinvent the wheel to connect with their fans. We’ve watched artists perform in their pajamas bands have streamed a set from their rehearsal space and others have taken to Twitch YouTube Instagram and Facebook to have live Q&A sessions. Metallica have also stepped up to the table to bring over twenty consecutive weeks of their series. However Behemoth’s Absentia Dei livestream spectacular took place on September 5th from a secret church location in Poland.
741925 Includes some of Todd’s best known songs including “Hello It’s Me” and “Bang On The Drum” PLUS fan favorites that haven’t been performed live in decades!  Recorded at The Ridgefield Playhouse in Ridgefield Pennsylvania Rundgren's new live album is the one that better paints the most faithful portrait of one of the most original artists ever. This live concert recorded at the end of 2015 incorporates the highlights and at the same time some of the less known songs of Rundgren's incredible career.  Bass Vocals – Kasim Sulton  Drums – Prairie Prince  Executive Producer – Eric Gardner  Guitar Vocals – Jesse Gress  Guitar Vocals Producer [Music] Mixed By [Music] – Todd Rundgren  Keyboards Vocals – John Ferenzik  Producer – Chris Andersen
742241 For centuries Inuit in the Arctic have lived on and around the frozen ocean. Now as climate change is rapidly melting the sea ice between Canada and Greenland the outside world sees unprecedented opportunity. Oil and gas deposits faster shipping routes tourism and fishing all provide financial incentive to exploit the newly opened waters. But for more than 100000 Inuit an entire way of life is at stake. Development here threatens to upset the delicate balance between their communities land and wildlife. Divided by aggressive colonization and decades of hardship Inuit in Canada and Greenland are once again coming together fighting to protect what will remain of their world. The question is will the world listen?
742249 Secretly filmed in Iran for over two years Nasrin is an immersive portrait of human rights activist and political prisoner Nasrin Sotoudeh and Iran’s remarkably resilient women’s rights movement. Nasrin has long fought for the rights of women children LGBT prisoners religious minorities journalists and artists and those facing the death penalty. She was arrested in 2018 for representing women who protested Iran’s mandatory hijab law and sentenced to 38 years in prison plus 148 lashes. Narrated by Academy Award-winning actress Olivia Colman and featuring acclaimed filmmaker Jafar Panahi Nobel Peace Prize laureate Shirin Ebadi journalist Ann Curry exiled women’s rights activist Mansoureh Shojaee and Nasrin Sotoudeh.
742756 Tess is an ambitious lawyer with a bright future. Henry is a charismatic artist whose career is in decline. Despite their obvious differences a chance encounter leads to Tess and Henry falling for each other. What follows are periods of joy and romance as we are granted intimate access to the couple’s journey together. Soon the obstacles of life begin to surface and Tess and Henry are forced to endure a wind of change. Realising that love is about compromise and commitment how far are both willing to go in order to save their relationship?
743225 When Rose a passionate fashion stylist in her 30's living in New York inherits her grandmother's vintage dress shop she returns to her small hometown to take care of the store. As she's contemplating closing the store for good she runs into her charming high school crush Cole Murphy who convinces her to restore the store and help people in need that can't afford new clothes. After hesitantly agreeing the two friends reminisce about their old feelings and realize that the store is not the only that deserves a second chance but so does their love.
"743352 ""Sisters Rising"" is the story of six Native American women fighting to restore personal and tribal sovereignty in the face of ongoing colonial violence against indigenous women in the United States. Dawn was in the Army now she’s a tribal cop in the midst of the North Dakota oil boom that threatens to pull the last threads of her Native culture apart. Patty teaches indigenous women’s self-defense across the Great Plains of her people. Sarah is an attorney and scholar fighting to overturn restrictions on tribal sovereignty and increase legislative protections for Native women. Loreline and Lisa are grassroots advocates working outside of the system to support survivors of violence and influence legislative change. Chalsey is writing the first anti-sex trafficking code to be introduced to a reservation’s tribal court."
743920 This is a story about a unique crew of Dorset Bus Drivers whose amateur dramatics group decide to ditch doing another pantomime and try something different. They spent a year creating a serious adaptation of the sci-fi horror film Alien; finding ingenious solutions to pay homemade homage to the original film. The show is a crushing flop but fate gives them a second chance to find their audience. Whilst still adjusting to the idea that their serious show is actually a comedy the group find out they’re suddenly being whisked from their village hall to a London West End theatre to perform this accidental masterpiece for one night only. With wobbly sets awkward acting and special effects requiring 'more luck than judgement’ will their West End debut be alright on the night? This bus driving crew are our space heroes. Their bus station is our space station. Dorset is outer-space and where is the Alien? It’s behind you!
744030 Watch Mike Bill Kevin and an all-star crew of hilarious guest riffers take on seven classic less-than-educational shorts filmed LIVE onstage at San Francisco’s Castro Theatre in January of this year in all its gritty low-light shakey-cam glory!  Show includes:  Welcome Back Norman  Perc! Pop! Sprinkle! - with Cole Stratton (Pop My Culture Podcast) and Janet Varney (The Legend of Korra)  Choking: To Save a Life - with Kevin McDonald (The Kids in the Hall)  Cooking Terms  More Dangerous Than Dynamite - with Adam Savage (Mythbusters)  If Mirrors Could Speak - with Kristen Schaal (30 Rock Bob’s Burgers Flight of the Conchords)  At Your Fingertips: Cylinders - with Paul F. Tompkins (Best Week Ever Mr. Show Tangled)
744659 Classic Game Room Feature Review #2. CGR reviews Herzog Zwei like Herzog Zwei has never been reviewed before!  Herzog Zwei is regarded by many to be the godfather of real-time strategy games. One or two players command up to 50 units on-screen at once while piloting a jet fighter that transforms into a robot. Capture and destroy enemy bases to win with the power of Blast Processing! Crush your enemies and hear them scream!  Join Classic Game Room’s Mark Bussler and Edit-Station 1 as they guide viewers through every part of this incredible 1990 release on the Sega Genesis.  Witness intense review action and strategic gameplay instruction! Mark shows viewers how to play how to win and reviews everything in between like the music graphics and stunning art design.
"744661 Continuing their pattern of making a studio album followed by a live album ""Third Stage: Live In London"" is the 3rd live album by the prog-supergroup Flying Colors. It was recorded in December 2019 in London on a short and highly anticipated tour directly after the release of their studio album ""Third Degree"". Teaming the talents of such heavyweights as guitarist Steve Morse (Deep Purple Dixie Dregs) drummer Mike Portnoy (Transatlantic Winery Dogs ex-Dream Theater) keyboardist/singer Neal Morse (solo artist Transatlantic ex-Spock’s Beard) bass wizard Dave LaRue (Dixie Dregs Joe Satriani Steve Vai) with new pop singer/songwriter Casey McPherson the band quickly established itself as one of rock’s most melodic enigmas."
744927 Mandy the owner of a craft and hobby store discovers an old copy of “A Christmas Carol” among donations for a book drive. In the book is a letter to Santa from 70 years ago along with a valuable coin. Mandy sets out to find the owner of the book letter and coin with the help of Jonah a contractor who first came upon and donated the book. Along the way they find clues that lead them closer to the author and to each other but can Mandy return everything to the book owner in time for Christmas and make her own Christmas wish come true?
744931 Chloe (Jana Kramer) has always supported various military organizations including the town’s Army toy drive for Christmas. This year she is paired up with Michael (Brandon Quinn) a vet who recently returned home and together they recruit other veterans and active military personnel to help in the cause. As the community gears up for the Officer’s Christmas Ball where all the kids will meet Santa Claus and receive their gifts Michael and Chloe begin to realize the greatest gift this season has been each other’s company.
744937 It’s Christmas time and Jackie an up-and- coming journalist finds that her life is at a crossroads until she finds an unexpected opportunity – to run a small-town newspaper in Alaska. Jackie decides to give it a try and relocates to the small picture-perfect small town. Using a series of Christmas articles she’s able to quickly return the newspaper to profitability and soon falls in love… both with her new home and the handsome son of the paper’s former owner. However when her old boss announces plans to take over the paper for herself Jackie will need a Christmas miracle to save it.
744941 Natalie Morgan is an author and host of a popular podcast Holiday Love which shares true stories of holiday romance with its listeners. While to the outside world and her listeners everywhere see Natalie is an expert on romance she's never truly experienced a romance of her own. As Natalie prepares to embark on a promotional tour for her new book she stops back home to spend Christmas with her family and to celebrate her parent's 50th anniversary where she unexpectedly begins to experience her own holiday romance as sparks ignite with local firefighter Jack.
744948 Popular romance novelist Izzi Simmons spends every Christmas at her favorite snowy bed & breakfast but this year she's faced with an impending deadline and a severe case of writer's block. Luckily inspiration strikes in the unlikely form of the B&B's new owner Matt who bears an uncanny resemblance to the handsome hero from Izzi's novels. As both partake in the lodge's annual itinerary of Christmas activities Izzi's writer's block is cured and the first pages of her and Matt's own love story may just be beginning.
744950 Mandy Leeds a successful young woman living in Miami is climbing her way up the corporate ladder in the hotel industry. Though she doesn’t get back to her small northern hometown much this year her Gram is able to finally convince her to come home for Christmas. Mandy has another reason too – the quaint local inn is for sale and she wants to acquire it for her company. With her eyes on the prize Mandy travels back home but on her way there she runs into Lucas Menzino—her high school rival—who also has his eye on the inn as well.
744952 The story of New York lawyer Hugo who heads to Milwaukee with his best friend Madelyn to spend the holidays with his mom Kate who is also in charge of the local Christmas celebrations. Ever the matchmaker Kate arranges for Hugo to run into Patrick Hugo’s high school friend and secret crush who has recently returned after a successful stint in Silicon Valley. As they enjoy the local holiday festivities together Hugo and Patrick’s attraction to each other is undeniable and it looks as though Kate’s Santa-style matchmaking is a success. But as Hugo receives word of a big promotion requiring a move to London he must decide what is most important to him.
745265 BRAZEN HUSSIES reveals for the first time an exciting and revolutionary chapter in Australian history the Women’s Liberation Movement (1965 -1975). Interweaving freshly uncovered archival footage personal photographs memorabilia and lively personal accounts from activists all around Australia BRAZEN HUSSIES shows us how a daring and diverse group of women joined forces to defy the status quo demand equality and create profound social change. These women defined one of the greatest social movements of the 20th Century at times at great personal cost. This documentary is full of the raw energy and determination that fueled feminism for the next 50 years.
745327 In Real Fear: The Truth Behind the Movies Chiller investigates the terrifying factual stories that inspired some of the scariest horror movies of all time including Silent Hill The Amityville Horror The Mothman Prophecies and Poltergeist through exclusive eyewitness interviews and reenactments of actual events. Paranormal investigator Katrina Weidman (Paranormal State) travels with three of her friends into the dark recesses of the unknown to uncover the buried secrets behind these four iconic films. Journey down the haunted high-ways of the American East Coast on a road trip to discover the origins of our most beloved horror films made. From a grisly series of murders in the small town Amityville to a devastating subterranean fire in the rural town of Centralia...From the eye-witness reports of the inexplicable red-eyed creature known as Mothman to the documented paranormal activity that inspired Poltergeist...The movies may be fiction but the fear is very very real...
"746267 It’s the 1980s and the world of professional surfing is a circus of fluorescent colors peroxide hair and radical male egos. ""Girls Can't Surf"" follows the journey of a band of renegade surfers who took on the male-dominated professional surfing world to achieve equality and change the sport forever. Featuring surfing greats Jodie Cooper Frieda Zamba Pauline Menczer Lisa Andersen Pam Burridge Wendy Botha Layne Beachley and more ""Girls Can't Surf"" is a wild ride of clashing personalities sexism adventure and heartbreak with each woman fighting against the odds to make their dreams of competing a reality."
747534 WILD THINGS follows a new generation of environmental activists that are mobilising against forces more powerful than themselves and saying enough. Armed only with mobiles phones this growing army of eco warriors will do whatever it takes to save their futures from the ravages of climate change. From chaining themselves to coal trains sitting high in the canopy of threatened rainforest or locking onto bulldozers their non-violent tactics are designed to generate mass action with one finger tap. Against a backdrop of drought fire and floods; we witness how today’s environmentalists are making a difference and explore connections with the past through the untold stories of previous campaigns. Surprisingly the methods of old still have currency when a groundswell of school students inspired by the actions of 16-year old Greta Thunberg say ‘change is coming’ and call a national strike demanding action against global warming.
748765 In a small town high-school dean Alana and her vivacious teenage daughter Samantha plan a holiday concert to save the school with the help of the new maintenance man Army veteran Johnny and his quiet son Max. But when a car accident lands Sam in a life-threatening condition Alana turns to Johnny for support and Max makes a desperate decision that will forever bond their families together. All four must question their values about sacrifice family and love - and what it means to be thankful for another Christmas.
749291 Meet the Tecolotes de los Dos Laredos the world’s only binational pro baseball team during a staggering low point in U.S.-Mexico border relations. Go beyond the headlines to explore America's pastime on both sides of the border as the Tecos divide their home games between stadiums in Laredo Texas and Nuevo Laredo Mexico. Explore the lives of the players their families and the wider community affected by divisive rhetoric but united by a common history shared traditions and the love of the game.
749360 German Iranian Farim Kuban is among four juvenile suspects -the others white supremacists- brought into the precinct after beating fatally a Muslim man they accuse of raping a white girl. To commissioner in charge Hanns von Meuffels's frustration the prosecutor has them released before he can properly conduct hard interrogation as turns out later because Farim is recruited as informant on the 'Neo-nazi' group by state security agent Peter Röhl who respects neither Hanns von Meuffels nor gullible Farim who is bound to get abused exposed and possibly worse coming clean to his white girl friend and the gang's regular bar waitress.
749904 What is the common thread among the only four U.S. Presidents who have been assassinated - Lincoln Garfield McKinley and Kennedy? They were also the only four presidents to ever to take away money-issuing control from the private banks and turn it over to the U.S. Treasury.  Within less than a year of each president doing so they were murdered. And within months of their vice president successors assuming their offices they returned the money issuing power back to the private banks.  4 PRESIDENTS provides the first-ever in depth analysis of this very likely - and very frightening - historic conspiracy.
"749981 A true story of underground escape lines and the Belgian Resistance during World War II ‘Last Best Hope’ (2006) is an award winning documentary aired on US PBS Nationwide with nearly 2 million viewers and Belgian broadcast networks.  What is the one principle or belief for which you would sacrifice everything? Ethical spiritual and ideological values that are central to the human experience find their voice in the documentary film """"Last Best Hope: A True Story of Escape Evasion and Remembrance"""" a poignant little-known story about the men and women in the Belgian Resistance and their extraordinary acts to save downed Allied airmen during the Second World War."
751186 In Siculiana a small Sicilian town full of flaking facades religiosity is lived out as a matter of course. And of course the figure of Jesus Christ worshipped here is black and always has been. However some people cannot get used to their dark-skinned neighbours in the refugee camp. The camera accompanies locals and stranded people along their paths which often lead to the church but not necessarily together and draws a kind of map of the city in black-on-black contrasts.
751676 Laugh Your Way to a Better Marriage with Mark Gungor's hilarious marriage tips and insights are now available on DVD!  Improve your marriage and reduce marital problems with Mark Gungor's exclusive advice. Mark Gungor one of the most sought-out speakers on love and marriage explores the underlying dynamics of male/female relationships combing striking clarity and practical solutions to common relationship woes. Mark's humor makes his teaching enjoyable effective and memorable helping husbands and wives remember these insights and immediately put them to work.  Laugh Your Way to a Better Marriage DVD captures all the fun and facts of Mark Gungor's view on life love and marriage.  Couples will laugh learn and be able to make a real positive changes to their marriage. Purchase your exclusive widescreen DVD copy and start improving your marriage today!
751818 Live recording from Steve Hackett's critically acclaimed 2019 UK tour.  The concert was recorded at the Hammersmith Eventim Apollo the final night of the tour. Steve Hackett was joined by his touring band of Roger King (keyboards) Jonas Reingold (bass) Rob Townsend (saxes/flutes) Craig Blundell (drums and percussion) with Nad Sylvan on vocals. Special guests for this performance were Steve's brother John Hackett (flute) and Amanda Lehmann (guitar and vocals).  This was a very special tour for Steve Hackett as it brought together his favourite album from his time as guitarist with Genesis - Selling England By The Pound - which Steve and his band performed live in its entirety for the first time. The show also featured selected tracks from Steve's personal favourite album from his extensive solo career Spectral Mornings together with tracks from his acclaimed 2019 release At The Edge Of Light.
"751935 Unlike anything else you will see in this year or any other 'The Decline of the West' is a groundbreaking social allegory that challenges its audience to explore the effects of contemporary conditioning; of the stereotypes and counter-stereotypes surrounding race and ethnicity. By employing a unique blend of absurdist humor and dry dark comedy both the insularity and the inertia of progressive society are put on trial and hanged in this bold film that goes places few have ever gone. The film maintains its extended detailed allegory in which the physical layout of Manhattan comes to life as its symbols of Progress slowly turn it into a comic liberal dystopia. Anything that ""isn't allowed"" is used to confront the audience with hypocrisy. Make-up plays a crucial role throughout the film as a hinge that simultaneously showcases characters and the existential reality of the players behind them."
752073 A feature documentary on the life and music of Phil Lynott telling the story of how a young black boy from working class 1950s Dublin became Ireland’s greatest Rock Star. As lead singer of Thin Lizzy Phil Lynott was a songwriter a poet a dreamer a wild man. Told extensively through the words of Lynott himself and focusing on some of his iconic songs the film gets to the heart of Philip the father the husband the friend the son the rock icon the poet and the dreamer.
752340 Following the release of their fifth studio album ‘LM5’ Perrie Edwards Jesy Nelson Leigh-Anne Pinnock and Jade Thirlwall embarked on ‘LM5 The Tour’ in 2019 taking in 40 arenas across Europe including Spain Italy Germany Netherlands Belgium France UK and Ireland. They sold over 400000 tickets including an almighty 5 sold out shows at the 02 London.  This film was recorded at the final show of the tour at London’s iconic 02 arena. In a career spanning set of nineteen songs the group perform hits such as ‘Shout Out to My Ex’ ‘Woman Like Me’ ‘Wings’ and ‘Touch’ to a crowd of over 15000.
752623 Reclusive author Loretta Sage writes about exotic places in her popular adventure novels that feature a handsome cover model named Alan. While on tour promoting her new book with Alan Loretta gets kidnapped by an eccentric billionaire who hopes she can lead him to the ancient city's lost treasure that featured in her latest story. Alan determined to prove he can be a hero in real life and not just on the pages of her books sets off to rescue her.
752701 A heartwarming funny and candid look at the life of wildly inventive comedian and actor Howie Mandel. This intimate portrait examines one of the most beloved and complex comedians and his invulnerable spirit. Told through Mandel’s own voice and using a wealth of behind the scenes access the film examines his extraordinary life and career as well as his painful struggles with mental illness and how he has managed to cope while managing a relentless pace in his professional and private life.
752862 After breaking up with her longtime boyfriend and losing her job Jane reluctantly heads home to the small town she grew up in. But on her way there she stops to help a stranger in need who ends up helping her believe in herself— and love— again.After breaking up with her longtime boyfriend and losing her job Jane reluctantly heads home to the small town she grew up in. But on her way there she stops to help a stranger in need who ends up helping her believe in herself— and love— again.
752916 Coming home from his last deployment Sgt. Major John Frost arrives a month early and he’s happy to be home for Christmas. He finds his wife Jill and son Jimmy too busy to give him the welcome he anticipated and in his absence they have adopted a dog - a little dog named Charlie. John finds solace with the fellow vets at the Moose Lodge until Charlie finds Hank a retired Vietnam vet homeless and having suffered a heart attack. John finds his purpose as he rallies friends family and community to build a new house for the vets and give them a warm Christmas Eve and a new start on civilian life.
753240 Acclaimed writer Shelby Steele has long argued that systemic racism is more a strategy than a truth and that the universal oppression of black Americans is largely over with.  But the 2014 shooting of a black teen Michael Brown in Ferguson Missouri by a white policeman shook the nation to its core. During Steele’s investigation of Ferguson America was once again rocked by the brutal killing of George Floyd. Didn’t these killings and the long list of others like them put the lie to Steele’s argument?
"753512 Chances are even someone who doesn't immediately recognize the name Ray Parker Jr. will recognize his monster smash hit song ""Ghost Busters"" This is the amazing and fascinating story of Ray Parker Jr. who escaped the violence of the 1967 Detroit riots to become one of the most prolific session guitarists songwriters and stars of the 70's and 80's. From award winning director and producer of the hit film Hired Gun Fran Strine unveils the never before told stories of Ray Parker Jr. who has given him unprecedented access to his story. You know Ray Parker Jr. as the artist who wrote and recorded Ghostbusters but what you don't know his his back story and what it took for him to get there. From the streets of Detroit to the Hollywood Walk of Fame Parkers journey is one you won't believe."
753557 A true pioneer in audio exploration and psycho-acoustics Delia Derbyshire conceived one of the most familiar compositions in science fiction the Doctor Who theme while working in a BBC basement. Her soundscapes felt like they connected to another realm. Kicking off with the discovery of 267 tapes in an attic along with a treasure trove of journals hidden in her childhood bedroom this film tunes in to Derbyshire’s frequency; that of a life-long non-conformist whose peals of laughter in an archive interview tickle with delight and eccentricity. Featuring a rich archive interviews fictional embodiment and Cosey Fanni Tutti’s psycho-sonic channelling director Caroline Catz traces acoustic pathways on her archeological dig into Derbyshire’s resonant life.
753574 This film is extremely rare. It was never released in any cinema or format (VCR DVD etc) anywhere in the world and never even copyrighted. It's an independent horror film made very cheaply by director Clifton Holmes and shot in black and white. As a result it's far from HD quality but if you are a true Laymon fan then this is the holy grail as this is the only Laymon book ever made into a film. Richard Laymon himself saw the film and loved it!
754053 It’s Christmas and the charming city of York home to Jules 16 and her Dad David is decked out ready for the festive season. In many ways David and Jules’ relationship is no different from that of most fathers and their sixteen-year-old daughters. He struggles to understand her she refuses to communicate with him. He wants to be involved in her life she wants her own space. In one important respect however David and Jules share a profound bond: the death of Jules’ mum and David’s wife in a car crash two years before. With both struggling to cope with everyday life in the shadow of their loss Jules inspired by happy memories of her mum decides to take matters into her own hands.
754983 After visiting her father's grave Lilly and her mother are involved in a terrible car accident leaving Lilly orphaned and unable to see. In her youth she struggles with her blindness and begins to hear voices. Unbeknownst to her they don't belong to the living. After years of learning to cope Lilly is now happily married with a baby on the way. Lilly soon discovers her unborn baby has become a vessel a second chance for souls stuck in limbo to be re-born. She only has until the baby's first heartbeat to decide which soul will be re-born through her. Now the voices she heard in her youth have returned clamoring for the chance to come back. Among the voices she befriends the spirit of a little girl tied to a years-old cold case. Lilly finds herself in a desperate struggle with the girl's murderers and the souls vying to be born again.
755519 Hunter S. Thompson went to the 1968 Democratic Convention in Chicago as a journalist and returned home disgusted yet motivated by what he’d just seen: violently suppressed protests riots corrupt politicians and abusive cops. Back in Aspen he finds more of the same. The local police and sheriff’s departments are targeting young people harassing and charging them with absurd crimes and trying to push them out of town. Hunter decides he has to do something to change the police brutality that has become the norm.
757190 There are many small towns and villages hidden in the mountains but only one hides a very dark secret. Nicholas Thorn is about to discover why people who ask too many questions in the town of Dark Falls don't stick around to find out the answers. Together with Agent Alex Fletcher the two embark on a mysterious journey to unravel the conspiracy that has taken over this town since the late eighties but what they don't know is how deep the events of 1987 really go.
757228 Follows five kids who stutter ages 9 to 18 from all over the United States who after experiencing a lifetime of bullying and stigmatization meet other children who stutter at an interactive arts-based program The Stuttering Association for the Young based in New York City. Their journey to SAY find some close to suicide others withdrawn and fearful exhausted and defeated from failed fluency training societal pressures to not stutter or the decision to remain silent. Over the course of a year we witness first hand the incredible transformation that happens when these young people of wildly different backgrounds experience for the first time the revolutionary idea at the heart of SAY: that it's okay to stutter.
"757843 WWE's annual Thanksgiving tradition showcases the battle for brand supremacy as champions & competitors from both Raw and SmackDown collide. This includes the Raw Tag Team Champions The New Day taking on the SmackDown Tag Team Champions the Street Profits the Raw Women's Champion Asuka taking on the SmackDown's Women's Champion Sasha Banks as well as the Universal Champion ""The Head of the Table"" Roman Reigns versus the WWE Champion Drew McIntyre. This year also sees The Undertaker saying his final farewell as he celebrates 30 years worth of truly iconic moments."
758356 This film shines a light on a sorry and oft-forgotten chapter in US history— the forced sterilization of 7600 people thought to have “undesirable” genetic make-ups. The film follows researchers & journalists who delved into dusty archives to bring North Carolina’s extensive eugenics program into the sunlight. When the journalists succeed in connecting those files to living survivors and the vast network of perpetrators are revealed a grassroots movement begins tirelessly insisting the state confront its nefarious past. The documentary— four years in the making brings into focus the human tragedy that unfolded behind closed doors for decades and gives voice to survivors who believed their poverty would leave their stories untold and their pain unrecognized.
758679 Alice and Celine are inseparable and share everything from their daily routines to their secrets. Their perfect harmony is shattered when one of their sons dies in a tragic accident while under Alice’s care. Celine blames Alice for the death of her child and becomes obsessed with protecting her surviving son from any harm. Alice on the other hand feels guilty and paranoid that Celine is plotting to harm her and her family. A gripping battle of wills ensues as the two women spiral into madness and violence.
760126 The 9th Symphony of Ludwig van Beethoven is one of the most popular pieces of classical music in the world. Even those who are not passionate about the classical music recognize the famous Ode to Joy. Despite the grim context in which it was created the 9th Symphony leaves us fascinated moved and uplifted by its creativity its power and its culmination in the Ode to Joy. More than 160 years after it was written Beethoven’s hymn to brotherhood was adopted by the European Union as its official anthem. But Beethoven’s Ninth is also met with enthusiasm far beyond the borders of Europe. What’s the explanation for its never ending success? What is it about this work of art that fascinates people all over the world?
760926 In the not-too-distant future two drifters traveling through the desert stumble across the biggest gold nugget ever found and the dream of immense wealth and greed takes hold. They hatch a plan to excavate their bounty with one man leaving to secure the necessary tools while the other remains with the gold. The man who remains must endure harsh desert elements ravenous wild dogs and mysterious intruders while battling the sinking suspicion that he has been abandoned to his fate.
761548 After receiving an exciting new job opportunity at a cutting edge Pet Invention company Robert his teenage daughter Jenna and their trusty and special border collie Charlie make the move to the new neighborhood right before Christmas. Upon arriving Robert meets his gorgeous next door neighbor Holly and her sassy and spunky border collie Gidget. Before the sparks can fly they are set upon my Robert’s conniving and obnoxious next door neighbor and project manager Victor his neighborhood bully bulldog “Vinnie P” and the sycophantic sidekick Chihuahua “Jose”.
761827 Since its adoption in June 1955 by the Congress movement the Freedom Charter has been the key political document that acted as a beacon and source of inspiration in the liberation struggle against Apartheid. It was reputedly the main source that informed democratic South Africa’s liberal constitution and a constant reference point for the ruling African National Congress (ANC) and rival political parties that it spawned since 1994 all claiming the Freedom Charter’s legacy. Freedom Isn’t Free assesses the history and role of the charter especially in relation to key political and socio-economic aspects of developments in South Africa up to the present period. It includes rare archival footage with interviews of a cross-section of outspoken influential South Africans.
763198 Soul-touching and moving TWO WAYS HOME compassionately follows Kathy (Tanna Frederick) a woman newly diagnosed with bipolar disorder who is released from prison on good behavior and returns to her country home in Iowa to reconnect with her estranged 12-year-old daughter (Rylie Behr) and her cantankerous elderly grandfather (Tom Bower).  Her return home is turbulent and a rough unwelcome transition in which Kathy must come to terms with her diagnosis and its implications on her identity while also realizing that her family was happier when she was gone. Conflict with her family intensifies as she struggles to keep her head above water putting her self-worth and well-being to the ultimate test.
763417 Fleur Boonman interweaves the cinematographic impression of the 2019 'Ideal Crash' tour with a look back at 20 years of ideals and 'crashes' of the fans. Her uninhibited perspective poetic imagery and experience as a psychologist provide added value. The pace of the film follows the rhythm of the album while the narrative is the record itself. The meandering search for interfaces between the theme of each song and the emotional stories of the ups and downs in the fans' lives enables the viewer their own perspective.
763569 Dash Snow rejected a life of privilege to make his own way as an artist on the streets of downtown New York City in the late 1990s. Developing from a notorious graffiti tagger into an international art star he documented his drug- and alcohol-fueled nights with the surrogate family he formed with friends and fellow artists Ryan McGinley and Dan Colen before his death by heroin overdose in 2009. Drawing from Snow’s unforgettable body of work and involving archival footage Cheryl Dunn’s exceptional portrait captures his all-too-brief life of reckless excess and creativity.
"764098 November 13th Talk N' Shop A Mania will be live on FITE with its second event - ""The Rise of The Torturer""!  ""Big LG"" Doc Gallows ""Machine Gun"" Karl Anderson & Rocky Romero are at it again! All of your favorite Talk N' Shop characters return with even MORE surprises and cameos!  Will Sex Ferguson avenge his loss from TNS1 when he squares off against Chad 2 BADD in the dreaded 'Ball for a Ball Match'?  What will be the next chapter in the blood feud between the famous families of Chico El Luchador & Chavo Guerrero?  Will Rory Fox find his pants?  Some of the BIGGEST STARS & BIGGEST LOSERS in all of professional wrestling come together in a way you have NEVER seen them before! Who will show up? What will they do? What in the Hell is a Torturer? Join FITE on FRIDAY November 13th at 10pm ET for a booze soaked fright fest beyond your wildest imagination!"
765458 How can we bring accountability over the climate crisis? This inspiring story of youth activism documents 21 activists from across the nation as they file a groundbreaking lawsuit against the United States. The case reveals evidence that the government has endangered their constitutional rights to life liberty and property by acting over six decades to create the climate crisis. Youth v Gov produced by the company behind acclaimed films such as The Ivory Game and Step shows the power of young people to lead.
765556 Classical music superstar Katherine Jenkins OBE returns to the iconic Royal Albert Hall her all-time favourite venue crafting a unique and unforgettable Christmas musical to play in cinemas worldwide from 1 December. Katherine Jenkins: Christmas Spectacular sees the Welsh sensation perform seasonal favourites and carols with full nostalgic Hollywood musical glamour and wonder. The production was given unprecedented and exclusive access to the historic venue which also marked the 50th time that Katherine has performed there. Katherine and friends including beloved actors Vanessa Redgrave and Bill Nighy Operatic icon Sir Bryn Terfyl Italian Tenor Alberto Urso American Broadway star Marisha Wallace English National Ballet Lead Principal Erina Takahashi the Royal Air Force Regiment Band and many more will bring joy and festive celebrations to audiences around the world this Christmas.
"765957 The ""Completist DVD"" from the blu-ray edition of ""Rush: R40"" contains content originally found in the 2005 ""R30"" DVD release that was not included on the R30 Blu-Ray Edition.  Part 1 - Interviews: 1979 Ivor Wynne Stadium Hamilton; 1981 Le Studio Quebec; 1990 Artist of the Decade; 1994 Juno Hall of Fame Induction; 2002 Vapor Trails Tour  Part 2: Rush Hits St. John's  Part 3: Alex's Interview for Artist of the Decade.  Part 4: The Anthem Vault - Anthem (Castle Session 1975); Fly By Night (Castle Session 1975); Finding My Way (mpeg1 from Rock Concert); In The Mood (mpeg1 from Rock Concert); Circumstances; La Villa Strangiato; A Farewell to Kings; Xanadu;  The Spirit of Radio (Soundcheck 1979 Ivor Wynne Stadium); Freewill (Toronto Rocks 2003); Closer to the Heart (Canada For Asia 2005)  Part 5: Molson Amphitheatre June 30 1997 Toronto: Animate Resist Natural Science"
766431 Former P.O.W. Jack Calgrove moves Heaven and Earth to be reunited with his children following the Civil War. After returning home Jack discovers that his wife has tragically died and his children presumed to be orphans are heading deep into the West on a train crossing enemy lines with the intent of being placed into new homes. Calgrove and another soldier team up with a troop of Native American sharpshooters and a freed slave as they try to stop the train.
766712 When her mother dies tragically in a car accident 17-year-old Jessie is taken in by her aunt and uncle in Western Montana. She finds herself in a new school with the unexpected attention of a cocky bull rider- and an almost impossible need to hold on to the one connection she has with her mother: barrel racing. Doing anything she can to get around horses Jessie does not give up on her dream despite not having a horse of her own. But when her Uncle Mick finds a deal on a cutting horse that has been deemed useless Jessie finds a new hope in life and the chance at barrel racing she's been needing.
766932 Filmed at Long Island’s Nassau Coliseum in August 1988 and directed by Wayne Isham the Grammy Award nominated Delicate Sound Of Thunder comes to cinemas for the first time in this global event release. This 2020 version is sourced directly from over 100 cans of original 35mm negatives painstakingly restored and transferred to 4K and completely re-edited by Benny Trickett from the restored and upgraded footage under the creative direction of Aubrey Powell/Hipgnosis. Similarly the sound was completely remixed from the original multitrack tapes by Pink Floyd’s David Gilmour with longtime Pink Floyd engineer Andy Jackson assisted by Damon Iddins.  Length: 2 hours 02 Mins / 16 tracks (Original VHS/Laserdisc-only release was 16 tracks / 90 mins with edited tracks)
767354 100UP is a film which investigates the will to live. It portrays a colourful selection of 100+ year old people from all over the world. They have lived for over a century and witnessed great historical events but instead of dwelling on the past they look ahead. With the clock inevitably ticking these centenarians cling to life set new goals with a joie de vivre refusing to admit the betrayal of their deteriorating bodies. Time is both their enemy and their friend. They have overcome diseases lost partners and some of them survived their own children. Nevertheless these active curious and creative 100+ year olds are amazingly good at restarting every new day.
768136 As well as being the all round entertainer we all know and love from the telly Count Arthur Strong is also a lifelong fan of astronomy since having been given a microscope or whatever it is they use for Christmas when he was a small precocious baby. In fact it's said the first word he spoke was 'Uranus'. In this his brand new show he seamlessly combines the very best of showbiz entertainment you'll currently find in the world possibly as he wrestles with some of the big questions that all round entertainers shy away from.  Are we alone in the universe?  Is there life on Mars bars?  2lbs of potatoes.  Packet of ginger nuts.  Don't lose this shopping list.
768362 When her mother disappears while on vacation in Colombia with her new boyfriend June’s search for answers is hindered by international red tape. Stuck thousands of miles away in Los Angeles June creatively uses all the latest technology at her fingertips to try and find her before it’s too late. But as she digs deeper her digital sleuthing raises more questions than answers... and when June unravels secrets about her mom she discovers that she never really knew her at all.
770441 Guiseppe Verdi’s Requiem is still heard mainly in theatre and concert halls. However the author himself intended this composition to be performed in church and on special occasions. Conducted by Teodor Currentzis and performed by soloists and musicAeterna choir and orchestra Verdi’s famous funeral mass returns from the concert stage to Milan’s Church of San Marco the same place where it was premiered in 1874.  The seven parts of the Requiem become steps on the way to comprehending the sacrament of death the operatic character of orchestral and vocal writing acquires the strictness of the Catholic tradition and musical images of rage despair and rebellion against the inevitable end are crowned with appeasement.
"770457 SKY BLOSSOM is a raw uplifting window into 24.5 million children and millennials stepping forward as frontline heroes. Caring for family with tough medical conditions they stay at home doing things often seen only in hospitals. They are cheerleaders work part time and go to college - but also live double lives - quietly growing up as America's next greatest generation. The filmmaker veteran journalist and award-winning CNN/MSNBC news anchor Richard Lui says the interviews were so honest they genuinely surprised him as they revealed insights into the lives of young people across America. Troops used to look up and say ""Here come the Sky Blossoms""-paratroopers rushing to their aid. Today there is a new generation answering that call. These are their stories."
"770643 For a con-artist couple a premeditated jewelry heist at a posh resort yields unexpected payoffs when they arrive in the middle of a swingers' convention. Charming sexy and no strangers to the art of seduction China and Michael are amateurs when it comes to the ""lifestyle"" but eagerly throw themselves into their education - with sizzling results. But recreational romance becomes a bitter pill for the grifters when their jaded hearts get in the way of what could be their most lucrative swindle yet. They may be experts at the art of flimflam but they still have a lot to learn about love."
770975 Canada: A People's History - Episode 14: 1940 to 1946 CE. Canada comes of age in the anguish of World War II with soldiers on the beaches at Dieppe and women in the industrial work force back home. The country's military role and the domestic social and political consequences of the war are traced through poignant stories of Canadians on both sides of the Atlantic. The horrific global conflict steals the innocence of a generation... but brings hope for a new future.
770997 A hard-hitting look at the rise fall and untimely death of one of boxing's most colorful champions. Hector Camacho's dynamic speed footwork and power made him a fighter to be reckoned with but it was his flamboyance and showmanship that ushered in a new era in boxing. The film chronicles his epic battles inside the ring his struggles with addiction outside of it and the mystery of the double homicide that claimed his life. It's an unflinching portrait of a fighter who transcended the sport but ultimately couldn't defeat his own demons.
772267 Talk show host Wendy Williams executive produces the biopic on her life revealing the highs and lows she has experienced throughout the years. Wendy has made herself the go-to source for great celebrity dish on her hit talk show The Wendy Williams Show but recently the spotlight has turned towards her. The authorized project provides a revealing look at Wendy’s journey from her scrappy upstart days in urban radio to the success of her own syndicated talk show. Despite all the naysayers and obstacles Wendy encountered throughout her life her strength and determination have allowed her to thrive.
"773394 ""Miracles really do happen at Christmas"" says Uncle John to his nurse Connie Lou. A statement that fills her soul with the hope of Christmas as she hears the ""forgotten"" carols from this strange wonderful man. Michael McLean's beloved international stage phenomenon The Forgotten Carols leaps from the stage to the silver screen this Holiday season. Long time fans and first-time audiences alike will laugh cry and find the true meaning and spirit of Christmas as they experience this never-before-seen edition of McLean's holiday classic. Audiences will be spellbound as Uncle John recounts the story of Christ's birth as told by lesser-known characters from the Nativity through story and song. The Innkeeper the Shepherd and others help Connie Lou discover what the world has forgotten about Christmas ultimately opening her heart to the Joy of this special season."
774301 The True story of how charismatic con man Jason Derek Brown bankrolls his extravagant lifestyle through a series of scams. On Brown’s trail: Lance Leising a dogged FBI special agent determined to put Brown behind bars. When Brown’s funds run low and his past catches up with him he plots his most elaborate scheme yet pitting himself against Leising in a deadly game of cat and mouse — and becoming the most unlikely and elusive fugitive on the FBI’s most-wanted list.
774658 Zoinks! Get ready to shake and shiver with Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. gang as they collect clues and capture crooks as only they can! Those teenage super-sleuths have the villains on the run in four mysterious adventures. So grab your Scooby snacks gather your courage and make like a detective because - jinkies - there's a mystery to solve. Compilation of four episodes from the Scooby-Doo franchise: Vampires Bats and Scaredy Cats; A Gaggle of Galloping Ghosts; That's Snow Ghost; and Which Witch is Which.
774745 Part-time couriers to the mob Marty and Jack are hired to deliver a semi-truck to an unknown locale in the woods. Just as they arrive at their destination the two are separated as war erupts between three rival criminal organizations. A group of Irish nationalists a pair of Portuguese gangsters and a French restaurateur all of whom are claiming the unknown contents of the tractor-trailer as their own. Marty must fight through a sea of double-crosses lies and deception while waiting for someone or something that will reveal itself at daybreak.
774785 Sara a novelist struggling with writer's block needs inspiration — and finds it when she serendipitously meets Godfrey a down-on-his-luck oddball who constantly changes personas and alter egos in order to cope with his past and avoid reality. Just as Godfrey begins to open up to Sara he discovers that she’s been using him as inspiration for her next novel and he vanishes from her life. Did Sara just lose the man of her dreams or will she be able to find him and make things right?
774826 Das Capital is an envisioning of rural north India and sets the canvas for the protagonist – Purshottam Ram played by Yashpal Sharma who is torn between his duties toward his family his corrupt employers and a corrupt political system. The plot employs dramatic performances by a stellar cast including that of Pratibha Sharma Jameel Khan K.K. Raina Ravi Jhankal Manoj Pahwa Seema Pahwa Anupam Shyam Rajpal Yadav among others who form a part of the ensemble and seamlessly bring forth the characters that form vital ingredients in the film.  “Das Capital - Gulamon Ki Rajdhani” a film that was envisioned in the 90s scripted over a couple of decades shot in 2012 is releasing for viewing on OTT Platform – Cinemapreneur. The film is the labour of love of renowned and celebrated Indian cinematographer Rajen Kothari who passed away in 2012 soon after the film was shot.
775038 Tina Fey is set to host One Night Only: The Best of Broadway an unforgettable night of music celebrating the incredible and resilient Broadway community and featuring songs from the Great Bright Way’s top productions. The two-hour special is set to air Thursday December 10 at 8 pm ET/PT on NBC and benefits Broadway Cares.  Several of Broadway’s best shows will take over the streets of New York City with special performances from the casts of Ain’t Too Proud – The Life and Times of the Temptations Chicago Diana: The Musical Jagged Little Pill Jersey Boys Mean Girls Rent and an appearance by the cast of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. The night will also showcase special sneak peaks at Broadway shows coming in 2021.
"777250 Felix a young advertiser is down on his luck. Ridiculed by his boss and suffering from unrequited love he knows that something has to change when the chance of a lifetime appears completely out of the blue. He acquires ""The Midas Touch"" - the ability to conquer every woman with a mere touch. Enjoying life to the fullest for a brief period of time Felix quickly notices that evil forces are after his new ""talent"" and ""The Midas Touch"" soon gets completely out of hand."
777893 Estella Scrooge is a Wall Street tycoon with a penchant for foreclosing. A hotelier in her hometown of Pickwick Ohio has defaulted on his mortgage and as a Christmas gift to herself Estella decides to deliver the sad news in person. Arriving at the Harthouse Hotel on Christmas Eve Estella discovers that the mortgage holder is none other than her childhood sweetheart Pip Nickleby. Always the humanitarian Pip has generously transformed the property into a refuge for the distraught disabled and displaced. A freak snowstorm forces Estella much to her dismay to take refuge at Harthouse. That night as it happened to her ancestor Ebenezer long ago she too is haunted by three visitations. And oh what uninvited overnight houseguests they are!
778855 Young Chickenhare is the adopted son of King Peter a famous adventurer. Part chicken and part hare he has a really tough time growing up and disguises himself as a hare to avoid the mockeries of his peers. When the day of the Royal Adventurer Society trials comes Chickenhare hampered by his disguise fails miserably. But he is determined to grab a second chance and find the Scepter of the Hamster of Darkness before his evil Uncle Lapin. The Scepter will give immense power to its holder. If Lapin gets hold of it he will be unstoppable. Accompanied by his faithful servant Abe a sarcastic turtle and Meg a martial arts expert skunk he sets of on an epic and initiatory quest.
778997 Darcy a talented event planner returns to her home town to plan her mother’s wedding. She’s having trouble accepting her stepfather-to-be and quickly Darcy’s obsession with perfection begins to clash with her mother’s wishes for a low-key celebration —especially when it comes to handsome and charming Kyle the chef Darcy deems inadequate for catering the event. But as complications arise—both personal and professional—it’s Kyle who is able to help her pull off the big day and help her find the love she’s been looking for…
779346 Following the death of his best friend 17-year-old Shelby struggles to readjust back into life at boarding school until popular girl Lilibet decides to take him under her wing. With the aid of her reckless and wealthy group of friends Shelby finds himself reintroduced to a fast moving world of parties sex and drugs – but with life after school quickly approaching and his unresolved grief threatening to pull him under Shelby finds himself dealing with a lot more than he bargained for.
"779361 In the musical Flor and his band travel to the kingdom of Krikoragįn on a tour arriving there they find a sad Count who wins Flor's heart but it is clear that Delfina will not allow Flor's happiness and does everything to prevent this love.  The Musical had been presented on July 2 2006. This musical was a kind of farewell to the soap opera some scenes of the musical were used in the last chapters of the soap opera. During his stay in Rio de Janeiro the musical was attended by several famous people including the entire cast of the soap opera and they took the stage for a farewell.  Floribella - The Musical is a ""Musical spin-off"" by the soap opera Floribella."
779972 All eyes will be glued on Nashville Tennessee as for the first time ever All Elite Wrestling and IMPACT Wrestling will collide in the Impact Zone as AEW World Champion Kenny Omega will team up with the IMPACT Tag Team Champions The Good Brothers to face the IMPACT World Champion Rich Swann Chris Sabin & Moose in a six-man tag team match. Also for the first time in nearly eight years new IMPACT Knockouts Tag Team Champions will be crowned as Havok & Nevaeh will take on Kiera Hogan & Tasha Steelz in the finals of the Knockouts Tag Team Championship Tournament.
780382 After her grandfather's death 20-year-old Alma decides to go back to her childhood home - a little island in the heart of the majestic Canadian forest. Whilst there she rescues two helpless cubs: a wolf and a lion. They forge an inseparable bond but their world soon collapses as the forest ranger discovers the animals and takes them away. The two cub brothers must now embark on a treacherous journey across Canada to be reunited with one another and Alma once more.
781052 The stars of the Royal Ballet perform a very special selection of the best of ballet. From the ultra-contemporary Untouchable by Hofesh Schechter to the Hollywood glitz of Carousel there is something for everyone in this glorious gala. The stellar partnership of Marianela Nuńez and Vadim Muntagirov tackle one of the great classical pas de deux from Don Quixote and the larger forces of the whole company are seen in Elite Syncopations. Natalia Osipova dances the famous Dying Swan and choreographers including Wayne McGregor Christopher Wheeldon and Cathy Marston rub shoulders with Frederick Ashton and Kenneth Macmillan. The orchestra of the Royal Opera House is conducted by Jonathan Lo. Presented by Anita Rani.
781657 With the KISS 2020 Goodbye show the band wanted to go BIG even by their own notoriously grandiose standards. They've prepared one of the most elaborate stage production livestream experiences of the Covid-era! The stage is 250-foot long and will be filmed with more than 50 cameras with 4K resolution and 360-degree views.  As one of the greatest metal and hard rock bands of all times KISS are bringing to their fans the pyrotechnics show of the year securing a Guinness world record in the process and proving once again that KISS never does anything small.  This amazing show and free pre-show will be brought directly into your living room live from Atlantis in Dubai on December 31st!
781834 Experience what Zell Music Director Riccardo Muti calls “the work of a divine architect” in this special encore presentation of Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony. Recorded live September 18 2014 at Orchestra Hall during one of the opening programs of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra’s 2014/15 season this performance features Muti leading the Orchestra and Chorus and distinguished soloists in one of history’s most powerful and inspiring artistic works. A masterpiece whose staggering influence can be seen across classical music it concludes with the famous Ode to Joy which calls for understanding peace and universal goodwill. The Chicago Symphony Orchestra is grateful to an anonymous donor for generously underwriting the recording of this concert in 2014.
782750 Pyramid scheme scam cult...all words used to describe the direct sales/marketing operation profiled in The Slave Circle - a film about a business where you are owned. From how the business seeks out the most vulnerable recruits to the psychological pressures used to make recruits conform to a singular mindset to the lies told through its pyramid-shaped business model The Slave Circle paints a complete picture of a worldwide business operation you may have heard about interviewed for or purchased a product from - without even realizing it.
783673 Bob Wilkins (April 11 1932 – January 7 2009) was a beloved Northern California television personality best known for his long run as a horror host. His singularly unique approach to the films and his hosting style was a simple extension of his wit and charming personality. This film covers the dates and titles of his weekly horror shows on KCRA 3 KTXL 40 and KTVU 2 with vintage interviews of Bob Wilkins clips from his shows film trailers commercials stills and audio recordings. A video scrapbook you definitely will not catch it all on a single viewing.   
784058 No sooner has 15-year-old Lee Keegan been expelled from his private school than an apocalyptic event wipes out most of the world's population. With his father dead and mother trapped abroad Lee is given one instruction: go back to school. But safety and security at St. Mark's School for Boys is in short supply. Its high walls can't stop the local parish council from forming a militia and imposing marshal law while inside the dorms the end of the world is having a dangerous effect on his best friend and his unrequited crush on the school nurse isn't helping him concentrate on staying alive.
"784284 Todd is the story of a man who has always felt like the ""odd man out."" From a young age Todd is shunned and ridiculed by his peers. Over time his pain and anger turns into rage and despair. When psychoanalysis and depression drugs don't work the young eccentric becomes morbid and introverted withdrawing from society in a downward spiral to insanity. He not only sets his sights on an aspiring young actress but on his psychiatrist and the doctor's family too. ""TODD"" takes you on a nail biting edge of your seat journey into the mind of a budding madman."
784341 The tale of Pretentious Lawyer John Martin. John gets busted for a crime he didn't commit. Punishment? Yes he gets sent to Treatment. While in Treatment he realizes he was set up so he hires a bounty-hunter to find the man that tried to destroy his life. John's Ego & Pride are tested dealing with demented & insane people that cause obstacles for him along the way. Not to mention his Career & Reputation are on the line. Will he make it through this Madness?
784524 Killian Maddox lives with his ailing veteran grandfather obsessively working out between court-mandated therapy appointments and part-time shifts at a grocery store where he harbors a crush on a friendly cashier. Though Killian’s struggles to read social cues and maintain control of his volatile temper amplify his sense of disconnection amid a hostile world nothing deters him from his fiercely protected dream of bodybuilding superstardom not even the doctors who warn that he’s causing permanent damage to his body with his quest.
"784549 Told in the cinematic tradition of classic westerns “COWBOYS - A Documentary Portrait” is a feature-length film that gives viewers the opportunity to ride alongside modern working cowboys on some of America's largest and most remote cattle ranches. The movie documents the lives of the men and women working on these ""big outfit"" ranches - some of which are over one million acres - and still require full crews of horseback mounted workers to tend large herds of cattle.  Narrated through first-hand accounts from the cowboys themselves the story is steeped in authenticity and explores the rewards and hardships of a celebrated but misunderstood way of life including the challenges that lie ahead for the cowboys critical to providing the world's supply of beef.  “COWBOYS” was filmed on eight of the nation’s largest cattle ranches across ten states in the American West."
"784697 Oceanographers have been gripped by a new spirit of discovery and have undertaken the biggest population census of ocean species ever conducted - a ""Census of Marine Life"". The quest: to find out when and where it all began. Where did the water come from? How was life created in the oceans? And how did it evolve to the enormous diversity we see today?  Join National Geographic as we travel more than 4 billion years into the past to uncover how oceans and marine life came to exist."
784737 This is the story of a young woman Dorina working in a sex shop in Bucharest after being forced to interrupt her studies to care for her parents. Because of her job everyone considers her to be something other than what she is - a fragile and unhappy woman forced to live a life she does not deserve and for which she is not ready. And soon things get out of control. The story of Dorina may be the story of all of us who are leading a life inside which we feel prisoners and which we do not deserve.
"785510 America's favorite sweetheart teen sensation Hilary Duff takes center stage as Lizzie McGuire who proves that unlike clothes and style fun and friends are never out of fashion. Lizzie's screwball exploits begin when her popularity soars over winning a fashion show audition and Gordo and Miranda become groupies instead of close friends. A hallway disaster and bargain shopping result in a ""clothes"" call. Then imitation is not the sincerest form of flattery -- either when mentoring a new student on style or trying too hard to be just one of the guys! With great music from hot new bands and a flair for living and laughing FASHIONABLY LIZZIE is the perfect fit."
785722 History was made when over 20 members past and present of the GRAMMY® Award-winning Gaither Vocal Band gathered on one stage for the first-ever LIVE concert reunion. Bill Gaither Mark Lowry Guy Penrod Gary McSpadden David Phelps Russ Taff Marshall Hall and more combined their talents as never before during a two-day event of song inspiration and laughter. Now you can join the audience and experience unprecedented performances of many of your favorite hits from this legendary group.  1.  Alpha And Omega  2. Passin' The Faith Along  3. He Touched Me  4. Give Up  5. The Baptism Of Jesse Taylor  6. Give It Away  7. Chain Breaker  8. Let Freedom Ring  9. O Love That Will Not Let Me Go  10. Nessun Dorma  11. These Are They  12. Amen  13. Sinner Saved By Grace  14. Make It Real / I Believe Help Thou My Unbelief  15. In That Great Gettin' Up Mornin'  16. The Trumpet Of Jesus  17. I Bowed On My Knees  18. Because He Lives
786144 This documentary film explores the world of the bow and the extraordinary masters who make them.  The bow is the Cinderella of the orchestra—the overworked and overshadowed ally to its more glamorous partners. Few people even among lovers of classical music think of the bow as an instrument in its own right but players of stringed instruments see them differently. To musicians the bow is as essential to expressing the soul of the music as the violin or cello.  The film follows the journey of the “silent servant” of the music world—from the workshops of the virtuosos of the trade to the birthplace of the bow in France and to Brazil home to the imperiled tree from which the world’s finest bows are made.
787723 As a new day begins in the small American town of Minninnewah the residents start their day as ordinary as the next. Mother Nature however has other plans for them. Inhabitants have just 13 minutes to seek shelter before the largest tornado on record ravages the town leaving them struggling to protect their loved ones and fighting for their lives. Left to deal with the aftermath four families must overcome their differences and find strength in each other in order to survive.
788597 The date of No Surrender is the same as the date of Tommy Dreamer's 50th birthday. The Impact World Champion Rich Swann have a special present for the Dreamer's birthday – an IMPACT World Championship shot. The challenge was accepted so let's see who will have IMPACT World Title around their waist?  IMPACT World Tag Team Title is on the line too. The Good Brothers will defend the title against not only Private Party but also the team of Chris Sabin and James Storm!
788648 We Came with the Northern Winds: En Saga i Belgia is a double DVD and double CD from the symphonic metal band Leaves' Eyes. The package was released on 27 February 2009 and the band started to promote it with an acoustic tour and signing session. The first DVD features almost two hours of documentary with in-depth interviews of the band members at home in studio and on tour. The second DVD contains live footage of a Leaves' Eyes concert at Metal Female Voices Fest in Wieze Belgium on 20 October 2007. The two CDs replicate the concert soundtrack.
788672 One cold winter night in Afghanistan is about to get a whole lot worse for Rana Rae a Gurkha soldier left to guard a British military outpost when Captain Noah Brandt arrives looking for refuge from a group of rogue special ops and a cell of heavily armed Taliban. The two soldiers must fight for their lives as they attempt to call for backup before the rogue squad led by the backstabbing Sergeant Bartlett can hunt them down to retrieve a case of missile guidance chips that Noah intercepted. But Bartlett and his men do not count on Rana whose ferocious Gurkha training makes him a force to be reckoned with.
788740 Jack Davis finds himself adrift after his father the legendary Coach Davis cuts him from his renowned soccer club the Carolina Mantis. Estranged from his father at odds with his brother Mantis All-Star goalie Sam and desperate for purpose Jack turns to his ex-girlfriend Sophia. Jack is inspired by her tough love and unwavering pursuit to become a recording artist.  He tackles his depression and takes one last shot at his lifelong dream by trying out for a rival soccer club. Can Jack finally prove that he is worthy of his dad's love?  Can he forgive and believe in second chances?
789280 Chronicles the strategic alliance between the Axis powers. Examines how Japan supplied Germany with much-needed raw materials for the war while German engineers shared sophisticated rocket and jet-propulsion technology with their Japanese counterparts. Jointly they supported anti-English uprisings in India giving aid and military supplies to Bose Chandras a dissident Indian general and his guerilla army. They conspired to destroy the Panama Canal and cut off America's Pacific war from its crucial Atlantic supply operations. Uses computer animations to illustrate this plan.
790050 Today Iran's aggressive posture and rogue nuclear weapons program are straining the patience and nerve of the international community. With Iranian fighters funds and strategic weapons flooding into the Middle East significant war appears inevitable. Meanwhile something surprising is taking place inside this controversial country. Muslim-background Iranians are leading a quiet but mass exodus out of Islam and bowing their knees to the Jewish Messiah—with kindled affection toward the Jewish people. The Iranian awakening is a rapidly reproducing discipleship movement that owns no property no buildings has no budget no 501c3 status and is predominantly led by women.  THIS IS THEIR STORY.
792101 Following a nuclear power plant meltdown a nearby village known as Nosferatu Village became radiated and subsequently abandoned for more than a decade. The year is 1984 and the public are now permitted to return and a small group come back to their family home to discover a radiated bat living in their attic. The family must survive the night to escape but the monster has other plans as they soon begin to find themselves infected with a deadly plague that will kill them if the beast doesn't. Waiting for sun to rise they must figure a way to survive the night battling against the creature.
794000 A House on Fire follows brilliant doctor and mother Deborah Green (Stephanie March) who had the epitome of a picture-perfect life with two children an adoring husband (Shaun Benson) and a beautiful house in an opulent neighborhood. But behind the curtain is a rocky marriage that includes Deb’s difficult bedside manner her inability to get along with other doctors and an abuse of pills and alcohol major envy of her husband’s successful medical career and his easy social manner that takes a terrible turn and leaves her family and marriage in ruin.
794626 Recorded at the London Palladium and hosted by Sheridan Smith this joyous celebration of musical theatre is packed with showstoppers from the West End’s biggest productions performed by the BBC Concert Orchestra and guests including Elaine Paige Michael Ball Amanda Holden Nicole Scherzinger Josh Groban and Lea Salonga.  Idina Menzel and Elaine Paige reveal the Top 10 songs from musicals as voted for by BBC Radio 2 listeners and there’s even a special performance from Andrew Lloyd-Webber’s next big show Cinderella.
"794669 ""KOKO"" is an extraordinary story of a young financial guru (Randy) who suffers a lifetime of heartaches only to discover that the one purest form of love was found in his only true companion - his dog (Koko). This is a remarkable love story with a triumphant and spectacularly happy ending. It's about a young accounting executive RANDY who lives through hard life issues ranging from heartbreak to job loss - ...Randy later adopts a dog named Koko and with the gentle companionship of his new trusted friend finds a new lease on life and love. As he heals from all of his wounds he finds himself immediately bonding with Koko like all pure and natural love does. His concern and empathy blossoms and is innocent and pure in nature. There is no malice designs on self-gain or otherwise and his relationship with Koko is purely one of the greatest emotions - LOVE. Randy feels a connection so deep that the only way he can express his commitment to Koko is through the bonds of matrimony."
795533 THE RED SEA MIRACLE 2 continues to raise big questions about biblical miracles.  Introducing the second film in a new two-part series by Patterns of Evidence’s award-winning filmmaker Timothy Mahoney. How could thousands of feet of water be parted at the Red Sea? Or was the sea merely parted by the act of wind in nature through a shallow Egyptian lake? Mahoney investigates these locations to see if any have a pattern of evidence matching the Bible. People of faith will be inspired and skeptics will have much to think about as Mahoney reveals two decades of documentary research including if divers found the remains of Pharaoh's army on the seafloor.  This cinematic journey leads him to inquire… “Do miracles still happen today?”
795542 The Long Island Serial Killer: A Mother’s Hunt for Justice tells the story of Mari Gilbert’s search for the truth behind what happened to her daughter Shannan a sometime escort who disappeared after a ‘date’ on Long Island. After Shannan (Katharine Isabelle Hannibal) fails to come home her mother Mari (Kim Delaney) knows something is terribly wrong. Pleading to police to take her concerns seriously she keeps pushing the police for answers. Mari’s insistence that her daughter not be overlooked eventually leads to a horror hidden on Long Island for more than a decade – 19 bodies of young women discovered buried in shallow graves along Ocean Parkway in the area of Jones Beach State Park.
796339 Jian is a counter terrorism agent who blends his skills as a martial artist and clairvoyant to bring the world's most nefarious individuals to justice. This lone wolf is is forced to make an unexpected detour to Los Angeles upon receipt of the devastating news of a cover up surrounding his brother's alleged suicide. With the reluctant help of LAPD detectives Abby Carl and Captain Duke the unlikely group become involved in the investigation. Jian and Abby fight against a high-tech criminal looking to exploit the brothers' gifts in his own quest to power.
798293 The story follows a young girl named JoJo whose life is turned upside down when her beloved dance coach decides to retire and is replaced by a sparkle-hating instructor named Poppy. Wanting to stay in the running for an upcoming dance competition JoJo and her best friends The Rubies must try their hardest to abide by Poppy’s new harsh rules. Realizing she cannot hide her sparkle or bow anymore JoJo is kicked out of her dance troupe and must rediscover what dancing means to her.
800250 Odyssseo is a journey into the imagination a voyage through space and time and an exploration of nature's greatest wonders - deserts waterfalls canyon glaciers and more. The spellbinding show is a renewed tribute to the relationship humans and horses have forged over thousands of Years. With our faithful companion by our side we have traveled to the four corners of the globe built bridges between cultures and brought people from all over the planet closer together.  Odysseo is a singular expression and celebration of this exceptionally moving journey.
800505 At 12 years old Carrie Watson places a piece of wedding cake under her pillow when her mother tells her about the superstition that doing so will ensure you dream of your future true love -- and that night Carrie dreams of a handsome man meeting her at the altar. Fast forward a couple decades and Carrie now a successful chemist (and amateur baker) is prepping the wedding cakes for her little sister Lydia's wedding. Carrie is shocked to discover that the groom's best man Jason is the very same man from her wedding cake dream.
801584 The Cure live at Voodoo Festival 2013 in New Orleans - 1st November 2013  Setlist:  Shake Dog Shake  Fascination Street  From the Edge of the Deep Green Sea  The End of the World  Lovesong  Just Like Heaven  Burn (live debut)  Pictures of You  Lullaby  High  Hot Hot Hot!!!  The Caterpillar  The Walk  Stop Dead  Push  In Between Days  Friday I'm in Love  Doing the Unstuck  Bananafishbones  Want  The Hungry Ghost  Wrong Number  One Hundred Years  Give Me It  Encore:  The Lovecats  Close to Me  Let's Go to Bed  Why Can't I Be You?  Boys Don't Cry
"803182 Adrian Sumner and Cody live greasy weird lives down in the south land of Arkansas. Part documentary part mockumentary this film follows the boys' filmmaking endeavors over the course of a year. Everything seems to be going smoothly until one day their most popular character ""The Mid Man"" escapes from the fictional world and wreaks havoc when he discovers that he's a one note joke created by a group of stoned burnouts.  The first entry of the TML series released on Adrian’s YouTube channel TheMooringLine."
803689 A very human tech doc uncovers the real costs of the platform economy through the lives of workers from around the world for companies including Uber Amazon and Deliveroo. From delivering food and driving ride shares to tagging images for AI millions of people around the world are finding work task by task online. The gig economy is worth over 5 trillion USD globally and growing. And yet the stories of the workers behind this tech revolution have gone largely neglected. Who are the people in this shadow workforce? It brings their stories into the light. Lured by the promise of flexible work hours independence and control over time and money workers from around the world have found a very different reality. Work conditions are often dangerous pay often changes without notice and workers can effectively be fired through deactivation or a bad rating. Through an engaging global cast of characters it reveals how the magic of technology we are being sold might not be magic at all.
805102 In the city that never sleeps Olivia is taking the modeling world by storm. A cover girl in the making Olivia is booking big clients and bringing her YouTube audience along for the ride. With newly earned cash she moves into a fashionable loft apartment. Its glossy facade however conceals a sinister secret born years before. Suddenly overwrought her tenuous grip on reality begins to slip away. Beautiful yet increasingly unstable Olivia makes a shocking choice that leads to a battle for her soul.
805343 ﻿Alexis a talented and proud student of the National Ballet School of Cuba spends his life practicing chassé and entrechats with his girlfriend and dance partner Yelenia.  However when his family moves to Florida to be reunited with his sister he must adjust his expectations and dreams to a radically new environment. Alexis facing rejection and homesick for his native Cuba feels lost and alone. He must find his way in the world of American ballet while remaining faithful to his roots.
"806596 Comedy Central's Last Laugh '04 was a ""year-in-review"" type show where comedians talked about events in 2004. The show featured stand-up sets by Norm Macdonald Kathy Griffin D.L. Hughley Gerg Giraldo Bill Engval and Colin Quinn. It also featured a comedic sketch by Andy Dick and guest appearances by Morgan Spurlock David Cross Michael Moore and Zach Galifianakis as Jesus Christ. Modest Mouse and Snoop Dogg were musical guests for the show and performed ""Float On"" and ""Drop It Like It's Hot"" two of 2004's most popular songs."
806643 Laura Price is a successful San Francisco lawyer on the cusp of promotion – a far cry from her childhood growing up on a tropical island with best friends Chip and Gem. When the firm’s biggest client – Chip’s grandfather – asks Laura to travel to the island and deliver a contract to make Chip his heir she leaves behind her practice and fiancé Owen to convince her childhood friend to sign a contract that will make him a billionaire.
809137 Real estate development project manager Elli is sent by her company to the quaint seaside Connecticut town of Sand Dollar Cove to acquire the beachfront property they’ve chosen as the site of their new resort. Brody the charming local who holds the deed wants to make sure the town’s beloved pier -- where many memories have been made over the years -- remains intact. Elli and Brody spend time together while she tries to figure out a way to make the deal work and the undeniable connection between them grows.
809140 The true-life story of boxer-turned-priest. When an injury ends his amateur boxing career Stuart Long moves to Los Angeles to find money and fame. While scraping by as a supermarket clerk he meets Carmen a Sunday school teacher who seems immune to his bad-boy charm. Determined to win her over the longtime agnostic starts going to church to impress her. However a motorcycle accident leaves him wondering if he can use his second chance to help others leading to the surprising realization that he's meant to be a Catholic priest.
"809523 U.D.O. return with the upcoming 5th live album of the heavy metal legend. The year 2020 faced many with tough challenges but U.D.O. managed to play a great show under pandemic conditions in front of the breathtaking backdrop of the amphitheater in Plovdiv/Bulgaria making it not only one of the world's grandest shows under Corona but also certainly beyond compare. This is exactly the feeling that the live recording captures: ""It is an evening that lets everyone feel for a few hours exactly what only music can convey: to feel like we belong together and be carried away from everyday life and all worries. An evening in which especially in 2020 it was clear what an important task culture fulfills and what an indescribable gap it leaves behind if it is not allowed to take place. The setlist is more than special: current songs cavort next to unforgotten and rarely performed live rarities together with some Accept classics."
809647 At the age of 30 and with a young daughter Amber Evans is forced to start over after she builds up the courage to leaver her husband and the only life she's ever known. As she struggles to find her way she meets Logan a free spirited musician with a kind heart who lends an ear to Amber's situation. What starts out as close friendship however quickly evolves into an unexpected romance. Now Amber must come to terms with this new identity amidst the turmoil of a divorce before she loses the person that she loves. Will she cave to the pressure or can she overcome her fears before it destroys her relationship?
809755 In the summer of 2004 audiences looked on in disbelief as the Greek National Football Team a country that had never previously won a single match or even scored a goal in a major tournament took down the giants of world football to become the unlikeliest of European Champions. The architect behind this unprecedented triumph was legendary German football coach ‘King’ Otto Rehhagel. After accomplishing every major success in Germany he made the bold decision to leave all he knew behind and work in a foreign country with the underachieving Greek National Team. This is the story of how these two contrasting cultures came together to speak the same language and write a new chapter of Greek mythology.
810099 Contemporary artist Trevor Paglen is known for his political and mind-blowing art pieces on global mass surveillance data collection and artificial intelligence. This visually stunning and immersive film follows Paglen as he travels through the desolate Nevada desert while discussing the motivation for his latest and most audacious project: launching a satellite into orbit. Stunning cinematography trippy computer graphics and a percussive score imbue this compelling documentary with an ethereal tone that perfectly captures the provocative and breathtaking beauty of Paglen’s work.
810101 The exemplary humanitarian work of Turkish-German radical feminist lawyer and imam Seyran Ateş is the central focus of this compelling and revealing documentary. As a young Muslim girl in Berlin Seyran grew up experiencing Islamic repression. Since then she has dedicated herself to reforming Islam opening the first mosque with no gender segregation and educating and empowering LGBTQ Muslim youth to embrace their sexuality. The film reveals a determined woman one willing to put her life on the line in the name of religious reform and sexual freedom.
"810428 Harvey has led a cautious and conscientious life until he gets fired and finds out he has one month to live. Throwing caution to the wind he meets Luke at a bar and confesses he's never broken any rules. Luke responds ""Do you want to?"" and so the quest begins. Along the way they accidentally kidnap a woman who joins them on their adventure but she might prove to be more trouble than they are looking for. ""Meant to be Broken"" is a crazy journey of law breaking and discovery that culminates in Miami where competing forces catch up to the unlikely trio."
810488 An examination of the Black Power movement in the late 1960s in the UK surveying both the individuals and the cultural forces that defined the era.  At the heart of the documentary is a series of astonishing interviews with past activists many of whom are speaking for the first time about what it was really like to be involved in the British Black Power movement bringing to life one of the key cultural revolutions in the history of the nation.
810891 Legendary drummer Mick Fleetwood enlisted an all-star cast for a one-of-a-kind concert honouring the early years of Fleetwood Mac and its founder Peter Green. The concert was held on 25th February 2020 at the London Palladium.  The bill included Billy Gibbons David Gilmour Jonny Lang Andy Fairweather Low John Mayall Christine McVie Zak Starkey Steven Tyler Bill Wyman Noel Gallagher Pete Townshend Neil Finn Kirk Hammett and many more. Legendary producer Glyn Johns joined as the executive sound producer and the house band featured Fleetwood himself along with Rick Vito Andy Fairweather Low Dave Bronze and Ricky Peterson.
812137 Three skilled members of the Kung Fu clan Pai Zhuq or Order of the Claw are selected to fight the villainous Dai Shi. The warriors are given the special gift of becoming the Jungle Fury Power Rangers and are the earth s only hope to stop an army of evil animal spirits from overtaking the world. Throughout their journey the Rangers are joined by other highly trained members of the Kung Fu clan to teach them important lessons and help them in their battle.
812372 Years of industrialized agriculture have brought the world to the brink of climate disaster. To Which We Belong follows a new generation of farmers and ranchers who seek to rebuild their businesses and their planet by embracing the interconnectedness of living things.  To Which We Belong tells the stories of nine farms and ranches going against the grain to bravely leave behind practices that are no longer profitable or sustainable. These unsung heroes just might save their livelihoods – and our world itself. And in this time of turmoil it might be the best news you receive all year.
"814536 Based on true events ""Lady of Guadalupe"" is a moving religious discovery juxtaposing folklore and the present day. Historically significant recreations are used to illustrate the origin of her prevalent and powerful symbolism of Mexican identity and faith. When a young and ambitious reporter (Guillermo Ivįn) is assigned an article on faith he finds himself enmeshed in the legend of Juan Diego and Our Lady of Guadalupe. Skeptical of miracles and the importance of modern-day Christianity the reporter's investigation takes him from cynic to true believer as his personal limits are tested."
814952 Fatherhood is a massive responsibility however being a girl’s father is still worry able thing in society. People around that particular person always insecure him about his daughter’s marriage security so on. Our story is like same person who is surrounded by such kind of character who always divert our main character’s (father) thoughts to doubt on his own daughter and reminds inequality factor of girls. But daughters prove everyone wrong and show that girls are not less than anyone. They are more capable than boys in society. The whole journey of father and daughter’s relationship shown in this movie which will eventually show that in present time women are not less than men.
816271 Treating a trumpet as if it was a portion of fish and chips is not basic culinary research but an audio-activistic intervention that lends a voice to British fishermen’s opinion towards Brexit. And the title ‘audio activist’ is very fitting for the British composer Matthew Herbert. ‘A Symphony of Noise’ provides an insight into Herbert’s thoughts about how we should hear the world and presents amplified sounds of teeth being pulled out a pig being born and a swimmer crossing the English Channel. The controversial and political samples become a part of a live performance at the Berlin night club Berghain which makes the listeners both grate their teeth and dance along. Matthew Herbert wants us to listen to the world afresh and it is a pretty fantastic experience.
816454 This 90-minute emotionally charged epic will have you asking yourself “Who would I trust?” as Dallas McQuaid (Steven J. Pershing) struggles to stay alive after a five million-dollar bounty is placed on his head. While being hunted by every lowlife bounty hunter looking for beer money McQuaid searches for friends among foes. Reunited with his best friend Jack O'Donnell (Brian Papakie); ex-wife Jennifer (Jennifer Rockelmann); and his old friend Detective John Coleman (Stephen Pagano) McQuaid quickly discovers that sometimes loyalty is purely superficial.
816531 Every time a new technology emerged it changed our lives and our society. Today this development is going faster than ever before. At the same time the crises seem to be piling up on our only planet. What should we do? A group of the world’s leading scientists take up the fight and isolate themselves for ten days in a secluded spot in the desert of New Mexico to develop real solutions for today’s most urgent problems - and there is plenty to choose from. They come from all scientific disciplines and represent the environment the economy democracy social media education and artificial technologies. In just ten days they want to start a movement with an ambitious goal: to secure the future of humanity through science both in theory and in practice. Pernille Rose Grųnkjęr was given exclusive access to the ambitious think tank during the entire event last year.
"817706 The American Craft Beer movement began with a group of restless homebrewers searching for something genuine and flavorful. Today it’s evolved into a redefinition of beer and an international cultural phenomenon. That uniquely American spirit of rebellion and innovation survives in two groups of homebrewers from Long Beach California who are looking to open their own breweries and bring their beers to the world. These include a Christian father-son team who grew close over making beer and a retired rock star looking for the “quiet"" existence of a brewery owner.  With the insight and commentary of legendary brewers Ken Grossman (Sierra Nevada) Fritz Maytag (Anchor Brewing) Charlie Papazian Vinnie Cilurzo (Russian River) Sam Calagione (Dogfish Head) Jim Koch (Boston Brewing) and others BREWMANCE reveals the soul of craft beer in the heart of America."
818809 Finley Tremaine a small-town farm girl longs to spread her wings and soar as an aspiring performer. When a Hollywood film crew arrives in her sleepy town she is determined to land a role in the production and capture the attention of handsome lead actor Jackson Stone. Unfortunately a botched audition forces her to change course. Now disguised as cowboy “Huck” Finley finally gets her big break. But can she keep the charade a secret from everyone including her evil stepmother and devious step-siblings?
819320 The premise behind Better Left Unsaid lies in the unconfined analysis of the often violent extremism of today's Western political landscape. As liberal democracy becomes increasingly challenged in the West we expose the dangerous tactics employed by the radical-left and far-right alike. In a world where political polarization frames the way in which we live a new path forward of unity is needed more than ever before. The value of the film lies in its impact brevity and digestibility - as we confront the philosophical underpinnings of the radical left and their extreme right counterpart.
"822080 Having released their latest studio album Versions Of The Truth in September 2020 The Pineapple Thief’s worldwide touring plans to support the release of the album had to be put on hold but the band were eager to be able to still perform for and connect with their fans across the globe and so the idea for a full band performance event was hatched. The Pineapple Thief’s Bruce Soord explains “I’ve always said that The Pineapple Thief is equally about the studio and the stage so it was obviously disappointing that we haven’t been able go out on tour especially as we were excited to be able to perform the new album ""Versions Of The Truth” live for everyone.  So being able to do this film especially under the circumstances was invaluable."""
822631 John Logan a widower and father of two daughters is struggling to balance his job and parenting. Luckily he has the help of Jillian his wife’s best friend. When an attractive woman moves in across the street John finds himself enjoying her company. Alice the new neighbor starts spending time at the Logan house even helping John with the girls. This new woman in John’s life is a bit mysterious and she starts getting caught in some lies raising the suspicion of Jillian and John’s older daughter Chelsea. When Alice’s ex-husband is found dead everyone starts to wonder if Alice is as sweet as she seems
"822675 When YELLO was awarded the Kunstpreis der Stadt Zürich back in 1997 Claude Nobs the legendary founder of the Montreux Jazz Festival eulogised about the band saying: ""I worked as a cook and know about food. YELLO uses only fresh ingredients"". In response YELLO made a promise on stage that if they ever performed live in Switzerland their first time would be at Nobs's festival in Montreux. Twenty years later on July 12 2017 YELLO kept their promise and performed at Montreux. Claude’s successor Mathieu Jaton announced the band simply thus: ""Ils sont lą. Ce soir. A Montreux. Pour vous!"""
823191 A couple from East Tennessee goes on a three day hike in the Great Smoky Mountains. The fun starts to dissipate when they start finding evidence of possible criminal activity scattered throughout the trails and the deeper they plunge into the wilderness the more they feel like they are being watched. Things take a turn for the worse when the couple runs into a trio of intimidating strangers. Their intentions are unclear and the couple tries everything to escape the woods before violence ensues with their new adversaries. Eventually another source of terror reveals itself building up to the final fight between good and evil.
823216 With one bullet Motley’s life spirals out of control as he’s forced to go on the run from the ruthless crime lord Jed Haywood. The brother of Haywood's best friend Boons recently died in a terrible car accident and today is the funeral. He has 10 hours to bring Motley in and get to the cemetery. Over the course of a day Motley and Boon play a game of cat and mouse as their fate brings them together for a climatic showdown.
823487 Just as news of a virus started trending young Gen-Zers were uploading bright shiny plans for 2020 online. South African singer/dancer Cassandra announced she'd landed her dream gig onboard a cruise ship. American single-mom/stripper Jessica started a diary of her makeup brand. Tina was pulling out of Germany to vlog her solo cross-continent camper-van adventure. Born with smartphones in hand this generation was already accustomed to sharing every emotion thought and meal online so filmmakers Udi Nir and Sagi Bornstein seized the moment hit YouTube hard and created a fascinating trip back to the pre-COVID future. Seven people from India to San Francisco navigate the emotional spectrum of pandemic denial shock and acceptance in real time. Plans and partners dramatically change but so do their ideas about resilience and value in the modern world. Take an addictive look back at a not-so-distant past when optimism was a given and the future was unmapped.
823567 A combination of testimonies and exclusive aerial images HUMAN is a unique documentary. This sensitive experience is an introspection into whom we are today as a community but also and most importantly as an individual. Through wars inequalities discriminations HUMAN confronts us with the realities and the diversity of our human conditions. Beyond this darker side testimonies show the empathy and the solidarities which we are capable of. All these contradictions are ours and HUMAN leads us to reflect about the future we wish to give to people and the planet today.
823610 After his best friend is killed in a shark attack Quinn a lovable yet tenacious seal assembles a SEAL TEAM to fight back against a gang of sharks overtaking the neighborhood. But this merry band of international seals are not at all trained for such a mission. They seek the help of a much more skillful combatant Claggart but even his tricks and flips can’t whip these guys into shape. However with a little bit of ingenuity intelligence and a lot of heart our SEAL TEAM may actually be able to bring peace back to their undersea community.
824023 Shadow Game is an experimentally filmed account of the far-reaching consequences of European asylum policy. Now fences have gone up all over Europe seeking asylum has become almost impossible. The teenagers cross snowy landscapes and meet aggressive border police on their way. Reaching their final destination has become more difficult than ever. Their journey takes them through the whole of Europe: from Greece to North Macedonia Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina from Italy to France and The Netherlands. The film was shot over a period of three years partly by the main characters themselves on their phones.
824242 Exactly one year since debuting on J Records O-Town is a full-grown supergroup boasting one of the year's bestselling albums. O-Town: Live from New York was captured on the last night of their sold-out summer tour at New York City's famed Hammerstein Ballroom show on October 10. Features songs: Liquid Dreams All Or Nothing We Fit Together Baby I Would Sensitive Sexiest Woman Alive Painter Shy Girl Love Should Be A Crime Every Six Seconds and a surprise version of Girl.
825223 To fly a – way from/out of death don’t hire a taxidermist but take a ride in this taxidrome!  Series of 41 Moving Images  - this analogy is possible being conservation at its core rescuing what really matters in the world like nature habitats science and art. It is vital. Yet in a continuously changing environment the flipside of conservation becomes and here it is where the vital feature of conservation becomes its lifelike trait a fictive life a fake life.  The embalming process consists of 1) imparting a balmy essence to the dead body as in the ancient world 2) by filling its blood vessels with formaldehyde to prevent putrification as in the modern world although recently with more regard towards more natural treatments as for instance in bio-art. To embalm also means to “preserve from oblivion” and “to cause to remain unchanged” “to prevent the development of something”.
826785 Blood and Guts was a professional wrestling television special episode produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). While the event took place on May 5 2021 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville Florida and was broadcast on TNT as a special episode of AEW's weekly television program Dynamite the first hour of the show was pre-taped. The event was previously scheduled to be held on March 25 2020 at the Prudential Center in Newark New Jersey but was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
827638 Some time after her death film director Jill Craigie (1911- 99) re-opens an old suitcase prompting memories of the extraordinary life and loves of this forceful charismatic woman whose work has been long neglected. Craigie was one of the first women to direct documentaries.  Working outside the British Documentary Movement in the 1940s and early 1950s her films such as To Be Woman (1951) on equal pay and Out of Chaos (1944) the first film about artists at work featuring Henry Moore and Paul Nash tackled new subjects for the cinema through a unique blend of drama polemic and humour.  Independent Miss Craigie uses the director’s unseen papers and her films to reveal her energetic struggles to get her radical projects made and distributed including her last one on the Yugoslav conflict made when she was 83 with her husband former Labour leader Michael Foot.
"827899 Federico Hradek and Delilah Jane Dunn present: ""BEETLEJUICE: The Online Musical!""-- a project for the fans by the fans! This fan-made project tells the story of Lydia Deetz a young girl who mourns her mother's death and is obsessed with all things strange and unusual. However when she meets the ghost with the most (you know his name!) her world suddenly flips upside down. With twists turns comedy puppets CGI and sheer laughter from the hereafter-- what could go wrong?"
828080 Working closely with the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam Sunflowers goes beyond a ‘virtual exhibition’ delving into the rich and complex stories behind each of the paintings to unveil the mysteries of the sunflowers. What did the flowers mean to Van Gogh and why do they resonate so much with audiences today? With a striking portrayal of the artist by actor Jamie de Courcey and fascinating insights from art historians botanists and everything in between the film offers a unique insight into Van Gogh’s life and artwork.
828305 Barbara O’Brien an Irish Catholic mother has her life turned upside-down when her son a freshman in college is involved in a tragic hazing incident. Taking justice into her own hands she travels across the country recording mothers who have lost sons to hazing in an effort to prove the university’s liability. When she is confronted by corruption and cover ups she seeks revenge on the one person she finds truly responsible proving that hell hath no fury like a mother scorned.
829960 John is an extremely busy lawyer who never has time to relax and unwind. Practically married to his stressful career all John can do is fantasize about being away in the peaceful countryside. He finally decides to take his friend's advice Tina who recommends a service that will take care of the day-to-day upkeep. The room servicing turns out to be the perfect helping-hand that he needed and to thank Tina John takes her on an incredible getaway she'll never forget.
830369 The Class of 2020 inductees are longtime FIBA executive Patrick Baumann 18-time NBA All-Star and five-time NBA champion Kobe Bryant 10-time WNBA All-Star and four-time Olympic gold medalist Tamika Catchings15-time NBA All-Star and three-time NBA Finals MVP Tim Duncan 15-time NBA All-Star and nine-time NBA All-Defensive First Team selection Kevin Garnett three-time NCAA National Championship Coach Kim Mulkey five-time Division II National Coach of the Year Barbara Stevens four-time collegiate National Coach of the Year Eddie Sutton and two-time NBA Champion coach Rudy Tomjanovich.  The show will be hosted by Ahmad Rashad and feature a special performance by multi-Grammy award-winning artist Ne-Yo.
830784 When the Primm family moves to New York City their young son Josh struggles to adapt to his new school and new friends. All of that changes when he discovers Lyle — a singing crocodile who loves baths caviar and great music — living in the attic of his new home. But when Lyle’s existence is threatened by evil neighbor Mr. Grumps the Primms must band together to show the world that family can come from the most unexpected places.
830818 On a coastal section part of Highway 1 in Mendocino County California a car was found upside down at the bottom of a 100-foot cliff. Inside police found the bodies of two adults later identified as Jen and Sarah Hart and three children. From the very onset it seemed more than a normal traffic accident and it continued to be a confusing and shocking story - both for the local community and the online supporters who had followed the family’s adventures for years. They were known as a couple leading an idyllic life. Two white women who adopted six black children promoting a core mission of activism travel and community service. As the story of the crash circulated many began to wonder how this could have happened to a family like theirs and if maybe the life they showed to the world wasn’t exactly what it seemed.
831329 As he prepares for surgery to restore his vision Mark Cousins explores the role that visual experience plays in our individual and collective lives. In a deeply personal meditation on the power of looking in his own life he guides us through the riches of the visible world a kaleidoscope of extraordinary imagery across cultures and eras. At a time when we are more assailed by images than ever he reveals how looking makes us who we are lying at the heart of the human experience empathy discovery and thought. He shares the pleasure and pain of seeing the world in all its complexity and contradiction with eyes wide open. As the COVID-19 pandemic brings another dramatic shift of perspective he reaches out to the other lookers for their vision from lockdown and he travels to the future to consider how his looking life will continue to develop until the very end.
831546 Envoy: Shark Cull is a fascinating deeply moving documentary narrated by Eric Bana which sheds light on the real story behind the coastal ‘shark safety’ programs in Queensland and New South Wales. The current methods of baited drum-lines and nets have not only been scientifically proven to be ineffective in protecting swimmers and surfers leaving them at risk in the sea but these outdated solutions continue to be allowed to negatively impact entire marine ecosystems—including the Great Barrier Reef.  Follows some of the biggest names in ocean conservation such as Sea Shepherd Ocean Ramsey and Madison Stewart. We will join these experts as they explore and expose this scarcely understood topic. We will also learn the importance of sharks in our oceans while uncovering the longest marine cull in history.
833205 In Jackson Heights Queens New York two career-driven sisters (Maryam and Sam) and their newly-immigrated cousin (Ameera) must navigate the consistent — and sometimes conflicting — demands of romance culture work and family. Serving both as a lighthearted reimagination of and critical divergence from the classic romantic comedy Americanish tackles and celebrates the complex intersectionalities of womanhood by welcoming us into the world — with all its joys and tribulations — of these three marriage-aged women. Americanish meditates on the sometimes-inevitable tension that arises between competing societal and cultural norms or between personal obligations and ambitions with a fresh perspective weaving from it a story that is unconventional funny and heartwarming.
"833391 Marketing whiz Lara Thompson is living a fast-paced life in the big city when she's summoned to the sleepy town of Kissing Falls to settle the affairs of her late Aunt Vivienne who owned a tea shop. Lara originally plans to sell the shop quickly but switches course to fulfill her aunt's last wish - to have one of her teas awarded by the prestigious International Council of Tea Sommeliers. With the help of handsome local flower expert Matt Lara sets out to recreate a long lost ""love potion"" tea. One problem - the tea's secret ingredient is the extinct Kissing Falls rose. As Lara and Matt work together she finds herself not only falling for Matt but for the town itself."
834027 For over 40 years Val Kilmer one of Hollywood’s most mercurial and/or misunderstood actors has been documenting his own life and craft through film and video. He has amassed thousands of hours of footage from 16mm home movies made with his brothers to time spent in iconic roles for blockbuster movies like Top Gun The Doors Tombstone and Batman Forever. This raw wildly original and unflinching documentary reveals a life lived to extremes and a heart-filled sometimes hilarious look at what it means to be an artist and a complex man.
834245 She was her generation’s Madonna and Bob Dylan rolled into one—and yet by the 1970s major poetry anthologies no longer mentioned Edna St. Vincent Millay. She had become a lost poet her literary status mirroring her untimely death. This program documents the brief yet bright “candle” of Millay’s artistic development from her early years in Maine to her achievements in the literary world of New York while exploring her celebrity sexuality and personal relationships. Among the many eye-opening locations featured in the film is the house in which Millay spent her final years; its contents have remained untouched since the poet’s death and provide a catalyst for the study of her troubled exuberant life. Never-before-seen archival images and interviews with Millay scholars also enrich the narrative.
835961 Sister Tse is brought to New York by a Snakehead a human smuggler. Although she is indebted to the crime family responsible for her transport her survival instincts help her gain favor with the matriarch and she rises quickly in the ranks. Soon Tse must reconcile her success with her real reason for coming to America—to find the child that was taken from her. In the end Sister Tse must draw on the strength she found in transforming her victimhood into power.
836731 The King of the Waltz has handpicked his all-time favourite show tunes operatic arias and dance numbers from stages around the world - featuring many performances never seen before on the big screen. André brings together performers from all over the world in one global spectacular to make you smile sing and dance. Featuring performances from Sćo Paulo Mainau Bucharest Mexico City Amsterdam Melbourne and Istanbul. André Rieu invites you to come together again with friends family and loved ones for a heart-warming concert.
836854 Over the past six decades thousands of women across the globe have become sick with an amalgam of mysterious and severe autoimmune disease symptoms. The common denominator in many of their cases? Breast implants. One such woman is beloved singer and media personality Michelle Visage (RuPaul’s Drag Race) who here allows the audience into her journey to find wellbeing via “explant” surgery to remove her implants. Along the way she introduces us to other women all experiencing similar but uniquely debilitating indicators that their implants are poisoning them.
836954 Hamlet/Horatio begins on an empty sound stage with the death of Hamlet. The action transpires in his last moment of awareness as the hero of Shakespeare's most famous play watches his life flash before him while his soul transcends all earthly conflict. Hamlet/Horatio is told from the perspective of Hamlet's closest friend and confidante Horatio who takes on the role of film director in order to fulfill his promise to dying Hamlet of telling the story of Hamlet's life so that the world will know of Hamlet's tragic sacrifice.
837015 Chicago blues great Buddy Guy never was the same after he heard John Lee Hooker’s seminal “Boogie Chillun’” while growing up in his rural stomping grounds of Lettswork Louisiana. In 1957 he set out for the Windy City and its vibrant blues scene where he played his way into the clubs cut records befriended and gigged with other greats (Muddy Waters Howlin’ Wolf Otis Rush) forged his skillful intense wild persona hit the road influenced new generations of musicians (Mick Keith Eric Stevie Ray Vaughan) performed at the Obama White House and collected nine Grammys along the way. Supported by a sumptuous assemblage of performance footage testimonials from those he’s inspired (including Clapton Carlos Santana Gary Clark Jr. and John Mayer) and some classic blues licks Buddy Guy: The Blues Chase the Blues Away finds Guy (now a young 84) looking back at his life providing valuable insight into his music while leaving room for some memorable anecdotes.
837016 A modern day Walt Disney Will Vinton picked up a ball of clay and saw a world of potential. Known as the “Father of Claymation” Vinton revolutionized the animation business during the 80s and 90s. But after 30 years of being the unheralded king of clay Will Vinton’s carefully sculpted American dream came crumbling down.  Structured around interviews with this charismatic pioneer and his close collaborators the film charts the rise and fall of the Academy Award and Emmy winning Will Vinton Studios.
837179 hololive IDOL PROJECT 1st Live. Bloom is a live concert held by Hololive on February 17th 2021 online featuring select members from Hololive Japan. It was held at Tokyo Garden Theater with no live audience.  Members who performed on stage:  Hololive 0th Gen.  Roboco  Sakura Miko  Hololive 1st Gen.  Yozora Mel  Shirakami Fubuki  Natsuiro Matsuri  Aki Rosenthal  Hololive 2nd Gen.  Minato Aqua  Murasaki Shion  Nakiri Ayame  Yuzuki Choco  Oozora Subaru  Hololive GAMERS  Shirakami Fubuki  Ookami Mio  Hololive 3rd Gen.  Usada Pekora  Uruha Rushia  Shiranui Flare  Shirogane Noel  Houshou Marine  Hololive 4th Gen.  Amane Kanata  Tokoyami Towa  Hololive 5th Gen.  Yukihana Lamy  Shishiro Botan  Omaru Polka
837383 In 2014 director Richard Linklater released Boyhood a fictional coming-of-age saga that was filmed using the same cast across twelve years. This film mirrors that concept: creating a real-life epic of boyhood and manhood that follows the same individual over 20 years living in one of the most dangerous countries in the world. When we first meet Mir he is a mischievous boy of seven living in a cave in central Afghanistan alongside the Buddhas of Bamiyan two statues that were recently destroyed. For two decades the film follows the adventures of his life until as an adult with a family of his own he decides to pursue his own career as a news cameraman in Kabul. More than just a personal journey My Childhood My Country is an powerful examination of what has – and has not – been achieved in Afghanistan over the past 20 years.
837938 Ellis French is a young gay Black man rejected by his mother and with few options for his future decides to join the Marines doing whatever it takes to succeed in a system that would cast him aside. But even as he battles deep-seated prejudice and the grueling routines of basic training he finds unexpected camaraderie strength and support in this new community giving him a hard-earned sense of belonging that will shape his identity and forever change his life.
838617 One in five Americans are diagnosed with mental illness every year. Suicide is the second most common cause of death in the US for youth aged 15-24 and kills over 800000 people globally per year. Drug overdose kills 81000 in the US annually. The autoimmune disorder epidemic affects 24 million people in the US alone. What is going on? The interconnected epidemics of anxiety chronic illness and substance abuse are according to Dr. Gabor Maté normal - but not in the way you might think.
"839743 Peyton Bighorse and Kelli Mayo are stepsisters from Oklahoma who founded their band Skating Polly in 2009 at the ages of 14 and 9 respectively. They call their style of music ""Ugly Pop"": building on the sounds of 70s Punk early Grunge and Folk resulting in infectious melodies but with real-life blemishes still showing.  This fascinating in-depth documentary explores the early years of Skating Polly as Peyton and Kelli get their first taste of success and try to stay true to themselves and their love of music. We see the two grow as people and musicians and hear how they became the band they are today. Their earnestness throughout is refreshing and inspiring. Featuring Donita Sparks (L7) Kate Nash SoKo Lori Barbero (Babes in Toyland) Kat Bjelland (Babes in Toyland) and many more…"
839760 When a self-assured relationship columnist who is about to launch a dating app that uses a figurative map of personal characteristics to match people is sent on assignment with a prickly tour guide to create a real map of the most romantic places in Florida as a promotional tool their differing views on everything from what qualifies as a breakfast food to how to know when you’re in love makes for a bumpy ride until an unexpected detour shows them tender moments happen in the most unlikely places and the road to true love often takes you off course.
839831 Jay a young man haunted by a murder committed back home in Malaysia is sent to a housing block marked for demolition in Singapore. There in this uncanny and at times surreal setting he meets elusive and resilient Hannah the only female member of a toxic 'family' of criminals. Jay's presence disrupts the fragile alliances between occultist boss Seow sociopathic thug Alan and disillusioned henchman Patrick. Jay and Hannah plan their escape with Seow's money but find themselves caught in an endless night of seduction deadly violence and betrayal. And when the sun comes up it won't be over. 'Malam' plunges into a humid seething underworld of sexual jealousy perverse power struggles and Southeast Asian folklore. It is a contemporary and atmospheric thriller about the chance for hope in a deeply corrupted world.
840224 9/11 was perhaps the defining historical event of the postwar era. Broadcast live around the world like horrifying theatre it was a moment in history imprinted onto people's memories. But what was it like to actually live through and how easy is it to move on from a day that society wants to go on remembering? Twenty years on this film brings together 13 ordinary people who were caught in an event they weren't able to fully comprehend at the time and which they are still working through.
841733 The comical love story follows the story of A.J. Fikry whose life is not at all what he expected it to be. His wife has died his bookstore is experiencing the worst sales in its history and now his prized possession a rare edition of Poe poems has been stolen. He’s given up on people and even the books in his store offer another reminder that the world is changing too rapidly. But when a mysterious package arrives at the store it give Fikry the chance to make his life over and see things anew.
842046 Back in 2012 I had my very first Ayahuasca ceremony and needless to say I was terrified. But it ended up entirely changing my life and that of my future family.  Which is why I decided to revisit the medicine in 2018 participating in three Ayahuasca ceremonies over the course of one week in Costa Rica and document the process.  In the film we tackle my personal story of trying to build London Real into a global media and transformation company while also struggling with my own disconnection from friends family and my own species.  We also dive deep into the division and tribalism currently facing all of us around the world.
842134 The Sakthi Folk Cultural Centre in Tamil Nadu India led by two radical Catholic nuns uses the Tamil folk arts to develop self-esteem and economic skills in young Dalit women (outcastes or untouchables). Sakthi reclaims the degraded parai frame drum to re-humanize and empower the young women through the physical embodiment of confidence in performance and a regenerated cultural identity in a complex campaign against gender class and caste subjugation. This ethnomusicological documentary seeks to reveal and analyze Sakthi’s outstanding model for Dalit women’s development that integrates folk arts performance with social analysis micro-economic sustainability self-esteem and community development.
842226 With unprecedented intimate access to the private life of Courtney Barnett this innovative and stylised 16mm feature documentary follows a paradoxically introverted performer and anti-influencer who at the height of success is ready to walk away. Long-time collaborator Danny Cohen’s feature documentary reveals a woman who finds power in sharing her vulnerability. Recording her innermost thoughts on a Dictaphone over a period of three years Courtney begins her slow acceptance of Danny Cohen’s camera. This unique filming process mirrors Courtney’s gradual search for purpose and emergence as an artist embracing her place in the world.
842235 Just after midnight on 10 March 1945 the US launched an air-based attack on eastern Tokyo; continuing until morning the raid left more than 100000 people dead and a quarter of the city eradicated. Unlike their loved ones Hiroshi Hoshino Michiko Kiyooka and Minoru Tsukiyama managed to emerge from the bombings. Now in their twilight years they wish for nothing more than recognition and reparations for those who like them had been indelibly harmed by the war – but the Japanese government and even their fellow citizens seem disinclined to acknowledge the past.
842273 Bruce Campbell legend actor producer writer director best-selling author…cult hero.  Join us Saturday January 23rd at 6 PM PST/9 PM EST for a worldwide virtual viewing of the 1981 Sam Raimi classic The Evil Dead with live commentary throughout by Campbell himself. Watch the film with Campbell as he shares memories stories and anecdotes from the film and for a few lucky viewers Bruce will even answer questions from the chat. The Video on Demand will be available to view for 48 hours following the live event.
844011 Shot in Australia USA Italy France Germany and Japan Beyond the Wasteland follows the fans from around the world who go to extraordinary lengths in the name of Mad Max. Transporting us into the world of Mad Max we explore the eccentric world of the fans their costumes and their machines as these oddball fans find their place amongst the Mad Max community.  The documentary also follows original cast member Bertrand Cadart as he continues his fight against stage IV leukemia and travels from his home on the Sunshine Coast to the “Wasteland” the desert location of Mad Max 2 in Silverton for the last time. Beyond the Wasteland not only celebrates life but the ability to change oneself through passion.
"844374 ROAMERS accompanies different characters on their way through the countries and social media feeds of this world: From the celebrated video blogger from Palestine who quit his lucrative job at PayPal in favor of as much life experience as possible to the former young top manager who gave up her business in Switzerland and her marriage for the adventure of a round-the-world trip to the Argentinean couple who use their computer science skills acquired at IBM to distribute self-produced porn videos online ""on demand"" and thus finance their trip around the world. As digital nomads who become the creators of their impressive life stories on their own initiative they are all sounding out the boundaries of a new era: between personal freedom and the dependence on algorithms and wifi between self-fulfillment and self- exploitation - in search of meaning and support in a world that offers ever more possibilities and yet also seems increasingly fragmented."
844409 Harold Fry is an unremarkable man who has made mistakes with all the important things: being a husband a father and a friend. And now well into his 60s he is content to fade quietly into the background of life. Until one day – Harold learns his old friend Queenie is dying. Harold leaves home walking to his post office to send her a letter. And out of the blue Harold decides to keep walking all the way to her hospice 450 miles away.
844562 John Farrow: Hollywood’s Man in the Shadows is the first  documentary  ever made about  one of Hollywood’s most prolific  yet forgotten filmmakers  John  Villiers Farrow (1904  -1963).  Part mystery  part biography  part film noir  – the  documentary follows the stranger than fiction story  of this Australian born  Oscar-winning filmmaker.  As  one  of Hollywood’s most  enigmatic f igures  Farrow  was the  director  of some 50 films; a sailor  a poet  a  war hero  best-selling author a religious scholar  a family man and a philanderer  – a man  who lived many lives  –  yet  who left behind no memoirs  no interviews and no archival footage  – and  who today is  only a shadow in the pages  of film history.
845191 Beck a single mom lives in Six Nations Canada. After her mother’s death she abandons her dream of becoming a Mohawk language teach- er and an unhealthy lifestyle leads to a diagnosis of Type 2 Diabetes. The ghost of Tom Longboat a sports legend of the early 1900s appears to her. He teaches Beck to become an honor runner dedicating each run to an aspect of creation or a special person in her life. With Tom’s help Beck is able to turn her life around.
"845297 It's time once again for yet another climb towards a golden opportunity for potential future championship gold for these WWE Superstars as both the Men's & Women's Money in the Bank briefcases are up for grabs (in front of a full live crowd for the first time in over a year no less!). Also ""The Head of the Table"" Roman Reigns will be defending his Universal Championship against ""The Rated R Superstar"" Edge ""The All-Mighty"" WWE Champion Bobby Lashley faces off against Kofi Kingston for Lashley's title and Rhea Ripley defends her Raw Women's Championship against ""The Queen"" Charlotte Flair."
845311 Our world changes again at one of IMPACT Wrestling's biggest events of the year which is sure to be filled with copious amounts of surprises. This year includes what has the potential to be some game-changing wrestling since IMPACT World Champion Kenny Omega defends his title against Sami Callihan and for the first time in over two years one of the most dangerous match types in IMPACT Wrestling history returns as Josh Alexander defends his X-Division Championship in an Ultimate X Match against Trey Miguel Ace Austin Chris Bey Petey Williams and Rohit Raju.
847716 In 2018 Sir Cliff Richard was joined by 100000 fans in cinemas worldwide to celebrate 60 years in the music industry. This November he invites you all to be part of the most fabulous big screen party of the year! The Great 80 Tour captured LIVE from the Royal Albert Hall in October 2021 features a selection of his greatest hits. His incredible energy and passion on stage will sweep you off your feet and be sure to have you swaying in the aisles.
"849558 AEW Road Rager was a professional wrestling television special episode produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 7 2021 in Miami Florida at the James L. Knight Center and was broadcast on TNT as a special of AEW's weekly television program Dynamite.  The event marked AEW's resumption of live touring during the COVID-19 pandemic following a year of producing shows at Daily's Place in Jacksonville Florida also becoming the first major wrestling promotion to resume live touring during the pandemic. It was the first episode in AEW's ""Welcome Back"" tour a five-week span of special Dynamite episodes. At the time it was the largest attended wrestling event during the pandemic outside of WWE's WrestleMania 37 in April and AEW's own Double or Nothing in May."
850174 The campaign to free Julian Assange takes on intimate dimensions in this documentary portrait of an elderly man’s fight to save his son.  Arguably the world’s most famous political prisoner WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is a figure pretty much everybody has an opinion about; perhaps more importantly he serves as the emblem of an international arm wrestle over freedom of journalism government corruption and unpunished war crimes. For his family members who face the prospect of losing him forever to the abyss of the US justice system however this David-and-Goliath struggle is personal – and with his health declining in a British maximum-security prison and American government prosecutors pulling out all the stops to extradite him the clock is ticking.
"850554 To be called the Fittest on Earth one would have to be capable of conquering a number of both physical and mental challenges. In the year of 2020 those challenges were plentiful. ""Resurgence"" captures all the drama as the organization of CrossFit pivots to pull off an in-person event amidst a world pandemic. Developing a new competition format to narrow a large field of athletes to only 5 men and 5 women. These athletes descend on a small ranch in California to take on whatever challenges are necessary to be crowned the Fittest on Earth."
851591 The Punk in Drublic Documentary will show how this scene is in progress and how these bands reach the stage talking to the guys who had the initial idea the crew and bands that made it a reality.  Following the festival around the world more than 3 years of footage showing the backstage live performances and a close interaction with Fat Mike and the Band members Not any bands the bands and the characters in the festival are the most successful in the scene NOFX BAD RELIGION RANCID PENNYWISE THE OFFSPRING LESS THAN JAKE THE INTERRUPTERS GOLDFINGER AND MANY MORE...  The festival is a dream coming through for every punk rocker.
852858 A mother and her three daughters — romantic Bee sensible Evie and child of nature Daisy — occupy the titular glass building which has been completely sealed off to protect its occupants from a dementia-inducing toxin called the Shred that’s poisoning the air outside. Fearful of becoming like the lost souls who wander the abyss outside the family keep a grasp on their past by performing sacred rituals. When Bee breaks the rules and lets an injured stranger into their midst the family dynamic is shattered forever as hidden truths upend the illusions the women have worked so hard to protect.
853511 Follows the 25-year peace vigil of three very persistent individuals in front of the White House and reveals how the bizarre act of one man labelled the ‘first domestic terrorist’ in the US brought them together.  Neighbors to five sitting US presidents these tenacious protesters – Thomas Ellen and Connie – endured police brutality vicious weather Supreme Court battles and their own internal struggles in order to maintain one of the longest-standing protests against nuclear weapons and US foreign policy ever staged in America.
853543 Set in the crime underworld of South Florida Jacqueline is used as a pawn by her Miami crime boss father Jimmy Bombay. To expand his crime empire and join forces with an international drug cartel Jimmy has arranged for Jacqueline to marry Dante Calivari the son of a foreign drug lord. As Jacqueline fights for her freedom her only solace is found in the counsel of a priest. But in this world of lies and deception all is not as it seems as a journey down the aisle turns deadly.
"853764 Perpetually picked on and endlessly neglected Sybil Pittman finds little joy in her life...except for her massive doll collection that has grown to perverse proportions! Every day Sybil locks herself in her basement broadcasting her doll restoration vlog all by herself that is until the remnants of a mysterious doll - the dreaded ""Baby Oopsie"" comes into her life! After carefully restoring the doll Sybil comes to realize that the tiny terror is exacting revenge on her oppressors mercilessly murdering them one by one. And while Sybil finds herself enjoying Baby Oopsie's bloody brand of vengeance she soon changes her tune when the demonic toy turns its evil attentions to Sybil and those she actually cares about."
854146 Ember Morley a graphic designer and aspiring storybook illustrator in Manhattan is surprised when she learns she has inherited her Grandmother’s Christmas tree farm. She heads back to her hometown of Willow Hill in order to sell it before Christmas but the charming townspeople convince her to stay a little longer and help plan their annual Christmas Tree Festival. When forced to work with Brandon Hart the farm’s handsome caretaker Ember is reminded of the things she once wanted in life.
856053 Barely relieved from a serious depression and against the advice of his psychiatrist Slah theater director mentally weakened by his career announces to his wife Amel a rich woman who finances his projects his decision to mount the famous play Essoud (The Dam) of Mahmoud Messadi renowned for its complexity. But the same evening driving his car Slah overthrows a young woman named Aisha. At first distraught he then experiences a strange fascination for this beautiful young girl contrarian who becomes his friend and his muse. Amel her husband's moral emotional and financial support convinced the director of the theater to program Le Barrage. Although suffering in silence of the presence of Aisha Amel decides for love for her husband to invite the young woman near them in the field of her parents in an oasis of the south of Tunisia. A strange three-way household is formed when doubts and suspicions desires and temptations love and complexities are revealed.
857873 In this Concert he focuses on the star and most important defender of bachata the Dominican singer and songwriter Romeo Santos and his concert on September 21 2019 at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford New Jersey which broke attendance record . Romeo took advantage of this event to bring together for the first time live all the legendary bachateros with whom he collaborated on his acclaimed album Utopia (2019) to the delight of the public who sang his favorite hits.
859350 In 1973 four young African-American men stealing guns for self-defense in Brooklyn were cornered by the NYPD. A violent gun battle killed a police officer beginning the longest hostage siege in NYPD history. The NYPD’s 130-year-old policy was to deliver an ultimatum then respond with deadly force. Could visionary police psychologist Harvey Schlossberg convince his superiors to do the unthinkable –  negotiate with “criminals” – and save twelve hostages from an impending bloodbath? In never-before-seen film and gripping interviews with survivors HOLD YOUR FIRE uncovers what really happened in this landmark event with the potential to revolutionize American policing.
859463 This is Prince performing with his 2011-era lineup of the New Power Generation including Shelby J. Liv Warfield Elisa Fiorillo and Morris Hayes additional keyboardists Renato Neto and Cassandra O’Neal bassist Ida Nielsen drummer John Blackwell and dancers Maya and Nandy McClean (The Twinz). Captured midway through his marathon “21 Nite Stand” on April 28 2011 at The Forum in Inglewood California this performance documents the spontaneity and incendiary energy of that historic portion of the Welcome 2 America Tour!
860852 When fifteen-year-old Tyson attends public school for the first time his life is changed forever. While helping his father clean up after the football team Tyson befriends champion marathon runner Aklilu. Never letting his autism hold him back Tyson becomes determined to run his first marathon in hopes of winning his father's approval.  With the help of an unlikely friend and his parents Tyson learns that with faith in yourself and the courage to take the first step anything is possible.
861130 In Thomas Tuchel's first full year in charge the European champions became champions of the world adding two more trophies to the collection and were sudden-death spot-kicks away from celebrating twice more. Bolstered by the continued emergence of Academy graduates and the returning Romelu Lukaku Chelsea were a permanent fixture in the Premier League's top four. In the first of the three finals decided by penalty shoot-outs the UEFA Super Cup was secured in Belfast while Kai Havertz was again the hero as the Blues captured the FIFA Club World Cup. Further silverware was so close but Chelsea were twice denied by Liverpool. First in a dramatic 21-goal shoot-out in the final of the Carabao Cup and then agonisingly again in the FA Cup Final. As the Roman Abramovich era at Stamford Bridge came to an end it was still a season of success but also one of what could have been although the Blues proved once again we are among the very best.
862016 Goddess Snow and her close friends Ceara Lynch Princess Rene Astro Domina Princess Meggerz and Sarah DiAvola have built a supportive underground punk scene of fetish content creators empowering each other their clients fans and the rest of the adult population to engage in the fight for a shame-free consensual and safe exploration of one’s sexuality. Dancing between the worlds of online fetish content creation and in-person domination sessions Goddess Alexandra Snow has built a thriving empire which supports the empowerment of women sex workers and anyone who has ever felt like a misfit.
862528 Beginning just before his debut as Frankenstein’s creation this documentary compellingly explores the life and legacy of a cinema legend presenting a perceptive history of the genre he personified. Karloff's films were long derided as hokum and attacked by censors but his phenomenal popularity and pervasive influence endures inspiring some of our greatest actors and directors into the 21st Century – among them Guillermo Del Toro Ron Perlman Roger Corman and John Landis all of whom and many more contribute their personal insights and anecdotes.
862898 Today 91% of our fish is imported and the U.S. is flooded with six billion tons of imported seafood. Consumers across America eat blissfully unaware of the dire consequences that a demand for five species of fish sourced from distant oceans brings to our shores. FISH and MEN exposes the high cost of cheap fish in the modern seafood economy and the forces threatening local fishing communities and public health by revealing how our choices as consumers drive the global seafood trade. But a new movement is underway - an opportunity to return sustainability to both fish and fishermen. Thriving on local communities pioneering fishermen and celebrated chefs are leading a revolutionary new model a 'Catch of the Day' revival based on local seasonal sustainable fish - introducing consumers to discover new varieties of storied seafood and reconnect us with those who risk their lives to harvest the bounties of the sea.
"863077 Three CDs and a Blu-ray celebrate the 50th anniversary of Focus by documenting in the first three discs (two audio and one video) the concert that the Dutch group held in 2017 at the Theatro Municipal Niteroi in Rio de Janeiro: the leader and founder Thijs van Leer (keyboards flute and vocals) long-time drummer Pierre van der Linden guitarist and backing vocalist Menno Gootjes (rejoined in 2010 after a brief appearance in the late 90s) and bassist Udo Pannekeet (in the group since 2016 ) retrace the fundamental stages of the historic prog rock formation such as ""House of the King"" ""Eruption"" ""Sylvia"" ""Harem Scarem"" and ""Hocus Pocus"". The bonus disc titled ""Completely Focussed"" on the other hand contains twelve untitled tracks that the band recorded during the lockdown."
865818 6B is the anthology feature film of five Hawaii filmmakers. Each of the four stories revolve around rooms with the number 6B and the film examines the darker side of island life: a man struggling with drug addiction has a revelation about his identity; an ex-con must enter an underground poker game to reunite with his daughter; a young woman befriends her neighbor a former hit man; and a local family deals with an impending tsunami. 6B features an all-Hawaii cast crew and production.
869191 The exhilarating soprano Lise Davidsen makes her Live in HD debut in one of her signature roles the mythological Greek heroine of Strauss’s enchanting masterpiece. The outstanding cast for this March 12 transmission also features mezzo-soprano Isabel Leonard as the Composer of the opera-within-an-opera around which the plot revolves with soprano Brenda Rae as the spirited Zerbinetta and tenor Brandon Jovanovich as Ariadne’s lover the god Bacchus. Marek Janowski conducts. This live cinema transmission is part of the Met’s award-winning Live in HD series bringing opera to movie theaters across the globe.
869355 In 2014 Formula 1 introduces one of the biggest technical changes in the history of the competition the new V6 Turbo engines. From now cars will be hybrid combining combustion and electrical energy in the power train. The team which did the best job adapting their cars to the new regulations was Mercedes. Both drivers of the team Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton are the only drivers with chances to win the 2014 Formula 1 championship. Both are friends since many years when they were childrens but now they have to fight on track every race to conquer the glory in Formula 1. This is the story of a new rivalry between old friends: Lewis Hamilton vs Nico Rosberg. This the origin of The Silver War.
869626 Marcel is an adorable one-inch-tall shell who ekes out a colorful existence with his grandmother Connie and their pet lint Alan. Once part of a sprawling community of shells they now live alone as the sole survivors of a mysterious tragedy. But when a documentary filmmaker discovers them amongst the clutter of his Airbnb the short film he posts online brings Marcel millions of passionate fans as well as unprecedented dangers and a new hope at finding his long-lost family.
869767 The 1961 trial of Adolf Eichmann held in an Israeli courtroom and broadcast around the globe was a benchmark event in the historiography of the Holocaust especially in Israel where the trial proved a watershed experience for survivors and citizens of the new Jewish state. Employing new video and broadcast technologies the trial was also a milestone in media and journalism coverage.  This absorbing comprehensive new documentary features detailed accounts of Eichmann's capture the drama in the courtroom and behind the scenes and reactions to the trial from around the world.
870799 Join Louis Tomlinson as he undertakes his most ambitious project to date The Away From Home Festival 2021. Following the postponement of his World Tour in 2020 Louis has announced plans to launch his own free festival in London to celebrate the return of live music in the UK. Directed by Charlie Lightening and featuring unprecedented access a fly-on-the-wall short film showing Louis and his team as they plan and prepare for this momentous event. From early planning through to the day of the show and including unparalleled behind the scenes footage follow Louis on the journey to The Away From Home Festival.  Then watch as Louis and his band take to the stage performing a full headline set from London's famous Crystal Palace Bowl their first show in front of a live audience for 18 months. As the show ends follow backstage as Louis his band crew and team celebrate a return to live music.
870932 When a single mother is pushed to her limit she turns to the only world she knows a world she's spent a lifetime running from to protect her daughter. Gigi Davis is a strong determined woman who insists on living her life on her terms. So when she got pregnant and walked away from a billion dollar family business to chart her own path it surprised no one. She went on to build a shockingly unremarkable life for herself and her daughter Ashely. Her days were filled with piano recitals basketball games and everything else you would expect of a single mom living in the city. Gigi was broke but happy. Her little girl was healthy. Nothing else mattered. Until shadowy figures make the mistake of threatening her daughter's life and she shows them that gangsters come in all shapes and sizes. Unfortunately for Gigi it doesn't end there and she finds herself being pulled back into a life she never wanted.
871582 This making of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 is presented in 8 parts. Each part gives an in depth view of one aspect of creating the movie. You can see how special effects were used; costumes and make-up was done; all about the casting and location of the movie; and much more. This is done by interviews with the cast and crew as well as with fragments from the movie and images from behind the scenes.  - Walking through Fire: Concluding the Saga (13:07)  - Real or Not Real: Visual Design (9:57)  - High Value Targets: The Acting Ensemble (16:33)  - From Head to Toe: Costumes Make-up and Hair (13:38)  - Navigation the Minefield: Production in Atlanta Paris and Berlin (13:06)  - Collateral Damage: Stunts Special Effects and Weapons (18:04)  - Tightening the Noose: The Post-production Process (28:43)  - A Different World: Reflection (22:33).
871858 After a three-year hiatus from a full performance and with concert venues shut down due to the pandemic Bieber delivers an electrifying show to close out 2020 on the rooftop of the Beverly Hilton Hotel for 240 invited guests—and millions of fans across the globe watching via livestream. The film follows Bieber and his close-knit team in the month leading up to the show as they rehearse and construct a monumental stage while adhering to strict health and safety protocols. The film also captures personal self-shot moments between Bieber and his wife Hailey.
"872712 Following the success of Rush: Cinema Strangiato - Director's Cut in movie theaters worldwide Anthem Entertainment and Trafalgar Releasing give Rush fans around the world the opportunity to experience it again – this time from the comfort of home.  In celebration 40 years of Moving Pictures this global streaming release features the “director’s cut” of 2019's R40+ event that was just shown in cinemas giving audiences a special look into R40 LIVE with a setlist including this year’s new additions of bonus tracks ""One Little Victory"" and “Red Barchetta” as well as ""Cygnus X-1 / “The Story So Far” featuring Neil's final recorded drum solo masterpiece."
873118 In 2020 Gamma Ray celebrated their anniversary – 30 years of true metal! Despite not being able to fill a hall with devoted fans like they usually do due to covid-restrictions they decided to put on a hell of a show. Filmed with several cameras the show at the impressive ISS Dome in Duesseldorf Germany brought band and fans together via Live-Stream. To incorporate the fans into the show the band members invited them to send in recordings of themselves screaming hailing and whistling to their favourite Gamma Ray songs which will be added to the end of the show. – GAMMA RAY : 30 YEARS OF AMAZING AWESOMENESS  1 Induction  2 Dethrone Tyranny  3 New World Order  4 Avalon  5 Master of Confusion  6 Empathy  7 Rebellion in Dreamland  8 Land of the Free  9 Lust for Life  10 One With The World  11 The Silence  12 Armageddon  13 Heading for Tomorrow  14 Send Me A Sign/Outro
873262 A house. A shelter. A man the last one left in the homeland. A woman returns to her community every year. The daughters and husband who have lost all traditions. A rapper who raps in the old language. In 1990 Susanna marries Udo. Their wedding is the last one celebrated between two Saxons in their village. After that the couple emigrated like half a million of Transylvanian Saxons. After 30 years in Germany the relationship between Susi and Udo has gone stale and they haven't taught their native language to their daughters that feel just German. Georg on the other hand is proud of his identity. He hopes with his rap to spread the young generations about the heritage to make them proud of being a Saxon. This is the choral story of a family who is learning to change in order not to disappear.
873368 Marking the 20th anniversary of September 11 this two-hour documentary presents a unique and moving account of the day that changed the modern world. Featuring rare footage and audio “9/11: I Was There” unveils an intimate portrayal of the events of September 11 captured by ordinary people who chose to pick up their video cameras that day; some courageous enough to get a closer look. Told in the moment without interview commentary or narration this riveting documentary weaves together the personal video diaries of a dozen people whose emotions are remarkable documentation of that dark day. A truly extraordinary portrayal “9/11: I Was There” puts viewers in the shoes of New Yorkers and visitors alike to unfold the tragedy the fear of what was next and the horrific aftermath to follow resulting in a raw and unfiltered telling of 9/11 from confusion to comprehension terror and relief.
873598 Through a unique architectural and engineering lens “Rise & Fall: The World Trade Center” recounts the inspiring true story behind an American icon and the remarkable group of people who dreamed it and made it real. No ordinary pair of buildings the Twin Towers featured a unique structural design—and dozens of other technical breakthroughs—that made the then-tallest buildings in the world possible. But did these innovations contribute to their collapse on 9/11? With the help of harrowing first-hand testimonies expert interviews and never-before-seen graphics and with the benefit of two decades of engineering hindsight viewers will understand how the Towers rose…and why they fell.
873713 The once powerful King Lear chooses to divide his kingdom among his three daughters and so begins one of Shakespeare’s most moving tragedies. At the crucial point of relinquishing his realm Lear demands to know which of his daughters loves him the most. His ambitious older daughters answer with false praise and lavish flattery however his youngest daughter who does truly love him answers with honesty. Wildly unsatisfied with her response Lear’s rage sets in motion catastrophic consequences. Ultimately stripped of his privilege and its trappings Lear must reckon with his own humanity.
873739 Recorded in May 2005 in the Mossi village of Dabo in northern Burkina Faso the above video produced by the late Christopher Roy (1947-2019) documents the traditional way of smelting iron. We witness a group of smith elders making charcoal digging and mining the ore and flux building the kiln (with clay from a termite mound) firing the kiln making sacrifices smelting the iron and forging the iron into tools. No iron had been smelted in the region for over 50 years this video being a reenactment of the old ways – as they now buy their iron imported from China. It’s a fascinating documentary that can only enlarge your respect for the makers of the many traditional African iron tools and weapons we encounter in the West. And you’ll see that ‘pumping iron’ has a meaning outside the gym as well!
874132 Anyone can enter the Baja 1000 but not everyone finishes it. Some aren’t tough enough. Some don’t have bikes that are tough enough. And some make mistakes that take them out of the race. Sometimes tragically forever. This is a place where dreams go to die. Grand visions and hopes materialized but rarely sustained. The desert has this mysterious allure there is freedom solitude and opportunity. The desert is the unforgiving canvas of life and this is a story about the art of racing with it and against it.
874284 It's another day in Danville; Phineas and Ferb build a laser tag colosseum in their backyard while their older sister Candace tries to bust them to her mom. Meanwhile the evil Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz develops a plan to create swimming pools in the backyard of Danville citizens and it is up to the secret agent Perry The Platypus to stop him. Everything seems to be going normal but Candace starts to question why her brother's inventions always disappear. But once she starts investigating the mysterious disappearances she meets Dr. Doofenshmirtz and unknowingly helps him create an inator to control all the animals in Danville. It's up to Candace Phineas Ferb and the rest of the kids to foil the plans of Dr. Doofenshmirtz and save the Tri-State-Area.
874373 Restored and re-edited this show took place on October 20 1994 at London’s famed Earls Court in support of the 1994 Pink Floyd album The Division Bell. The landmark 14-night Earls Court run contained the last performances on Pink Floyd’s final tour.  The concert features a complete performance of The Dark Side Of The Moon as well as Division Bell tracks “Keep Talking” and “High Hopes” songs Gilmour co-wrote with his wife and novelist Polly Samson. The show’s encore included the band’s tribute to Syd Barrett “Wish You Were Here” and “Comfortably Numb” which contains one of the greatest and most iconic guitar solos of all time from Gilmour.
874581 Mute young woman Patience from an isolated community in rural England in 1555 struggles with her controlling brother-in-law and leader David who is gradually unraveling after the failure of his idyllic community. The Egyptian Act has been passed stipulating that all ‘gypsies’ must vacate England immediately and anyone found aiding them could be executed. In exchange for a fee David agrees to help an Egyptian family who must stay a month on their land until a ship comes to take them away. But when Patience pursues an affair with one of the outsiders she is thrust into a violent and vicious psychological battle with David.
875973 Limited Edition Extended Pilot: When Icarus Base is attacked it's inhabitants are forced to flee through the Stargate. The base was created on a distant planet to take advantage of a powerful energy supply located there. Their goal is to try and determine the purpose of the mysterious ninth symbol of the Stargate which they have never been able to lock in. In going through the Stargate they are transported not to Earth but onto an very old apparently uninhabited but huge spacecraft. With the group's commander injured Lt. Scott and the chief scientist Dr. Nicholas Rush lead the exploration of the craft. Several areas of the ship have been damaged but it is basically functional. They are able to learn that they are in fact billions of light years from Earth.
877527 As 3-year-old Emilio is ready to start school his family finds itself cornered in the United States' most segregated education system - New York City public schools. Fighting for their son's right to an inclusive education - where Emilio and other children with disabilities would be taught alongside their classmates without disabilities - film director Olivier and his wife Hilda investigate the personal stories of students and their parents in the US. With children with disabilities worldwide less likely to attend school these experiences expose just a handful of the widespread injustices currently taking place in the educational system and beyond for kids with disabilities.
877842 The life and legacy of country music legend Kenny Rogers is honored in a new star-studded concert special Kenny Rogers: All In For The Gambler to be broadcast Thursday September 23rd from 9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT on CBS and available to stream live and on demand with Paramount+. Filmed at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville before Rogers’ untimely passing the live concert features on-stage tributes artists’ anecdotes and inspiring songs performed in front of the music icon himself as he bid farewell to performing and announced his retirement.
877895 Humans have been in competition with computer-based Artificial Intelligence for over 80 years in different games — chess Go poker Jeopardy! — a span that tracks the evolution of computing itself. The latest field of battle are hugely popular multiplayer online games that are worldwide sensations including one of the most lucrative esports of all — Dota 2. A passionate team of Silicon Valley engineers at San Francisco-based OpenAI is challenged to develop an artificial intelligence bot capable of defeating the world champions of Dota 2 — and given only one year to do it. The outcome could alter the way we think about the frontiers of machine learning and of humanity’s ultimate relationship with AI.
"877905 From the bottoms straight into the pantheon of legendary rappers. Boosie Badazz reminds us that the American Dream is alive and well. Through this autobiographic feature length film we explore the people places and portions of Boosie’s life most formative. Through the lens of the legendary creator himself. We peer through the veil and into the heart of a man; unhinged and unwavering in his pursuit of greatness.  Orson Wells author of War of the Worlds once described his masterpiece Citizen Kane as an exploration of character rather than an exposition of conflict. This film follows the same philosophy. It’s not often you can say that Citizen Kane and Nirvana's ""Nevermind"" have anything in common but through both works we feel closer to the creator."
878111 Meg a music manager travels from New York to London to manage a boy band Five Together and find them a Christmas number one to bolster their flagging career.  She finds a song on the internet posted by an ailing thirteen-year-old girl Nina and tries to obtain permission to have the song re-recorded by Five Together but she discovers she has competition from the songwriter Nina’s uncle Blake. What follows is a romantic comedy about two worlds colliding – with a young woman at the centre who desperately wants her uncle to find love and for his song to hit the number one spot by Christmas Day.
878214 In small-town British Columbia Canada awkward teen Mike Drinkwater has trouble fitting in and is bullied by his antagonist and rival: wealthy school jock Luke Ryan. While Mike's offbeat father Hank spends more time defrauding the government than being a role model; Hank is dealing with his own longstanding condemnation by Luke's father Wesley Ryan which seems to fuel Luke's hostility towards Mike. Enter Wallace a young girl from the United States who is adjusting to life in a new place while recovering from her own personal tragedy. Wallace's strength of character helps transform her life and the lives of the people around her.
879210 When a British-born actor abandons his Hollywood career to volunteer to Join the Kurdish YPG to fight ISIS in Syria many see him as a selfless hero battling America's most insidious enemy. But others think he's a hot-tempered narcissist staging a publicity stunt to further his career - and when his service ends neither the UK nor the US welcome him back. Through incisive interviews with the actor his supporters his detractors and top-tier experts - and featuring the actor's own jaw-dropping helmet-cam video of deadly battles with and interrogations of ISIS fighters - Heval gives viewers unprecedented access into a war against evil and one man's controversial role in it.
"879236 The six Star Wars films playing at the same time. The films are synchronized to the very first frame of the main title STAR WARS as to not allow the varying lengths and start times of the 20th Century Fox logo to influence possible narrative outcomes in the films. Visually the films were layered into Adobe After Effects at 100% opacity. The blending mode ""Lighter Color"" was chosen because its blending properties operated the same no mater what the layer order was. It was important to me that each film had equal opportunity. The ""Lighter Color"" blending mode gives preference to brighter pixels therefore brighter scenes obliterate darker scenes."
879330 Lifelong best friends Sam and Jess are each other’s everything. But when Jess meets a handsome out-of-stater Landon Sam begins to fear she’s being cast aside. To make matters worse a massive corporation - who happens to be Landon’s employer - is threatening the small-town way of life they know and love in Vermont. In order to save her sisterhood and protect the town Sam will pull out all the stops to keep both Jess’s relationship and the ominous company from developing any further.
879977 The compelling story of 30-year-old climber Tom Ballard who disappeared on one of the Himalayas' most deadly mountains Nanga Parbat in February 2019. Tom was the son of mountaineer Alison Hargreaves who perished on K2 in 1995. Mother and son two of the greatest climbers of all time died at almost the same age in neighbouring mountain ranges both doing what they loved best. They now lie forever encased in the ice of two of the world’s highest mountains. Left behind to cope with the enduring tragedy are Tom’s sister Kate and their father Jim.
880150 Rome in 65 AD Emperor Nero‘s tyrannical regime has reached its zenith Nero‘s self-indulgence and excessiveness brings up the opposition against him conspiracies threaten his power. By all means Nero tries to defend his despotic claim of sovereignty. The famous philosopher Seneca has been Nero‘s teacher mentor and close advisor since childhood he is significantly involved in his ascent. Nevertheless Nero gets weary of Seneca and Nero uses a foiled attack on his life to falsely accuse Seneca of being an accomplice.
881502 Tom Riley thought he was getting the deal of a lifetime when he bought a house below market value at a Sheriff's sale. He invested every penny he had with the plan of flipping the home for a profit. Once he owned it however he noticed strange happenings all of which were captured on 21 Surveillance Cameras located throughout the home inside and out. At first he thought people were breaking in but he soon realized he was dealing with something Paranormal.
881658 “The Legendary 1979 No Nukes Concerts” a Bruce Springsteen and The E Street Band film featuring ten never-before released performances from the Madison Square Garden MUSE benefit concerts and full footage of the band’s entire setlist will be released worldwide for the first time. Edited by Bruce’s longtime collaborator Thom Zimny from the original 16mm film alongside remixed audio from Bob Clearmountain “The Legendary 1979 No Nukes Concerts” represent the highest quality and best recorded Bruce performances from an explosive ascendant and rarely-filmed era of the E Street Band.A composite of two performances captured during the multi-day ‘No Nukes’ concerts the film packs the intensity of a marathon show into a crackling 90 minute run-time.
"882338 When the S.S. American heads out to sea etiquette and convention head out the portholes as two unlikely pairs set off on the course to true love... proving that sometimes destiny needs a little help from a crew of singing sailors a comical disguise and some good old-fashioned blackmail. This hilarious musical romp across the Atlantic directed by the multi-award-winning Broadway director and choreographer Kathleen Marshall features Cole Porter’s joyful score including ""I Get A Kick Out of You"" ""You’re the Top"" and the show-stopping ""Anything Goes."""
883936 Marketing whiz Alma Beltran and Christmas tree whisperer Charlie Freemont cross paths when Charlie finds the perfect tree for the Maine Governor's Holiday Celebration — right in Alma's back yard. While they initially spar romantic sparks soon begin to fly between the two women as the enchanting tree and some Christmas fairy dust from the town's pātissičre extraordinaire bring out the best in them and spark each other to take leaps of faith and fight for love and Christmas magic.
884917 Rong living in a small town in the south of China is a pedicure therapist who has never gotten married. She has a brother named Xiaodong  who is 14 years younger. Xiaodong is almost 18 years old instead of working he plays video games all day long but after going through a series of things he finally becomes independent. And Seeing this Rong returned to her hometown in the northeast of China and went to the police station confessing that she killed a person 19 years ago. Howeverthe following development of the matter is going to be out of Rong's expectation.
885403 At an abandoned old movie studio security guards keep getting mysteriously murdered.  The mystery: Why are there so many security guards for an abandoned old movie studio?! But forget that; the real secret is Hobgoblins! Cheap rubber puppets from outer space! Who vaguely resemble Gremlins! But not enough to bring on a lawsuit! Their power: they’ll make your wildest fantasies come true and then you die laughingly and embarrassingly.  The studio’s new security guard Kevin (no relation) quickly learns the secret of the Hobgoblins and even more quickly lets them escape. Now it’s up to the inept Kevin and sexually-obsessed pals to thwart the Hobgoblins before they take over the world or at least various neighborhoods in the Greater Los Angeles Area!
885937 The paths of two solitary figures cross when a Young Woman (Charlotte Reidie) arrives to aid a sickly Old Woman (Melanie Revill). After a hostile first encounter and despite misgivings from both the two slowly open up to one another. But their affinity is short lived when events culminate as unforgiving words are spoken and buried memories resurface. The Old Woman struggles to accept the absence of the Young Woman and is haunted by her memory. A series of truths manifest themselves as the pair learn that they are much more alike than they think.
"886470 LIVE AT FESTIVALPARK WERCHTER BELGIUM - JULY 4TH 1993 - From the Black Album deluxe box set.  SETLIST:  1 Creeping Death  2 Harvester of Sorrow  3 Welcome Home (Sanitarium)  4 Of Wolf and Man  5 Wherever I May Roam  6 The Thing That Should Not Be  7 The Unforgiven  8 Disposable Heroes  9 Bass Solo  10 Instrumental Medley (Includes excerpts of ""Orion"" ""To Live Is To Die"" and ""The Call of Ktulu"")  11 Guitar Solo  12 The Four Horsemen  13 For Whom the Bell Tolls  14 Fade to Black  15 Master of Puppets (Short Version)  16 Seek and Destroy  17 Battery  18 Nothing Else Matters  19 Sad But True  20 Last Caress  21 One  22 Enter Sandman  23 So What (Featuring the Road Crew on Background Vocals)"
886771 When her family firm’s annual Christmas toy drive is in jeopardy Holly Silver must convince pro athlete Jack Kane to be the public face of the campaign to help save it. As Noelle helps Jack rediscover the meaning of Christmas Holly reconnects with her own family traditions. While Jack and Holly go through challenges of making Christmas dreams for others come true they discover kindred spirits in each other and the potential for the gift of romance this holiday season.
887143 Four female climbers face the sporting challenge of a lifetime as they attempt to compete in the first ever Olympic climbing competition at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics.  The Wall: Climb for Gold follows four elite climbers Janja Garnbret Shauna Coxsey Brooke Raboutou and Miho Nonaka over an extraordinary two years. They battle through Olympic qualifying events to earn their place at Tokyo then face a gruelling season of competition and training that sees everything put on hold when the Covid-19 pandemic forces the Games to be postponed. As the young women confront their own mental and physical demons en-route to Tokyo the film reveals an astonishing and inspiring insight into what it takes to be an Olympian and ultimately what it means to be human.
887178 Bound for Glory was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Impact Wrestling. It took place on October 23 2021 at Sam's Town Live in Sunrise Manor Nevada. This was Impact Wrestling's first event to take place outside of Nashville Tennessee since Sacrifice in February 2020. It was the 17th event under the Bound for Glory chronology and featured wrestlers from Impact's partner promotions All Elite Wrestling (AEW) Mexico's Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA) and Japan's New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW).
887357 Recently discharged Marine sniper John Stewart is at a crossroads in his life one which is only complicated by receiving an extraterrestrial ring which grants him the powers of the Green Lantern of Earth. Unfortunately the ring doesn't come with instructions - but it does come with baggage like a horde of interplanetary killers bent on eliminating every Green Lantern in the universe. Now with the aid of the light-hearted Green Arrow Adam Strange and Hawkgirl this reluctant soldier must journey into the heart of a galactic Rann/Thanagar war and somehow succeed where all other Green Lanterns have failed.
"888057 Britney Spears: In the Zone is a busy batch of Britney-mania much of it featuring Spears in crisp dance numbers supplemented by behind-the-scenes glimpses and chatter. The heart of the show is an ABC television special featuring live performances of ""Toxic"" ""Breathe on Me"" and ""I'm a Slave 4 U."" A fun highlight is Spears's hip-hop collaboration with the Ying Yang Twins on ""(I Got That) Boom Boom"" one of the few numbers in the star's stage repertoire with a little room for spontaneity. Between songs one finds Spears gushing over her grandfather praising her entourage describing the emotional toll of being in the public eye and writing songs."
888467 Switched Before Birth follows Olivia Crawford and her husband Brian who after multiple miscarriages numerous failed IVF trials and stretching themselves to the limit financially finally receive the joyous news that she’s pregnant with twins. While going through her latest round of IVF Oliva meets and becomes fast friends with Anna Ramirez who is struggling to have a child after years of focusing on her successful restaurants. When Anna becomes pregnant as well the ladies celebrate and begin to prepare for their babies. Olivia is also there for Anna when she suffers a devastating miscarriage and struggles to move forward while her marriage to restaurateur Gabe Ramirez crumbles. When Olivia and Brian finally welcome their twins Olivia’s life feels complete but the happy couple’s world is turned upside down when they discover that not only are the babies not twins but one of the babies is also biologically Anna and Gabe’s that was implanted into Olivia by mistake.
889071 Dinda decides to stop working to take care of her newborn baby while Dika is working hard to support her family. It turns out that having children is not what they both imagined. The intervention of the mother-in-law Dance Mother adds to the stress level. The accumulation of all this makes Dinda experience Baby Blues syndrome which slowly hurts Dinda and Dika's relationship. In the climax Dinda's unintentional request was granted: they swap bodies. They must learn to understand and understand each other.
889121 Elise and her husband Allan have finally found the perfect home: it's secluded on a lake and the two can finally enjoy a little quiet while Elise works on her novel. A few weeks later a couple moves into the vacant cabin next door and Elise goes to greet them only to realize - she knows them. The new neighbors are Elise's former best friend Geena and Lee the man Geena stole from Elise years ago. The couple feels guilty for how their relationship ended and want to make things right - but unbeknownst to Elise Lee will do anything to get Elise back.
889883 THE REVEREND follows the spiritual and musical journey of Reverend Vince Anderson. After coming to New York in the 90's to enter seminary Vince dropped out to follow his second calling - music. With his band The Love Choir he has played a now legendary weekly residency for over twenty years. Reconnecting with his faith and using his intense soulful music he began to preach a type of spirituality that meets people where they are is open to everyone and moves every single person that sees him play. Reverend Vince is deeply involved in social activism working with other progressive Christians at home and around the country to build inclusive communities. Filmed over four years in a largely observational style and featuring Questlove and members of TV On The Radio THE REVEREND is a stirring concert film as well as an intimate portrait of Reverend Vince’s inspiring personal and spiritual life.
890228 In 2009 Scott Mescudi aka Kid Cudi released his debut LP Man on the Moon: The End of Day. A genre-bending album that broke barriers by featuring songs dealing with depression anxiety and loneliness it resonated deeply with young listeners and launched Cudi as a musical star and cultural hero. A Man Named Scott explores Cudi’s journey over a decade of creative choices struggles and breakthroughs making music that continues to move and empower his millions of fans around the world.
890841 If something of import has taken place in our lifetimes chances are that Steve McCurry has photographed it from the wars in the Arab world to the 9/11 attacks. Denis Delestrac’s documentary on the photographer charts McCurry’s journey through a restless life spent on constant move chronicling our times and living with the intense loneliness and trauma that came along with his work. Today surrounded by a loving family McCurry is finally home but never not in the pursuit of color.
"891635 The delayed live broadcast room is now online! You can feel the scene of @泽野弘之_nZk without leaving home! There is also a special sponsorship of the mobile game @手机战队 The official OP ""Sea of Fire"" and ED ""N01R"" will be released on-site for the first time! At 18:30 on the evening of October 13th @哔哩哔哩生 Broadcast Exclusive live broadcast let's meet in the live room and call for Zeye together~  Sawano Hiroyuki LIVE [nZk] in Shanghai 2019 190914 Mercedes-Benz Arena (Shanghai)"
892259 Nine young hardbodies are trapped together for one night of terror in an old haunted house. But they're not alone...As the studly guests' strip and shower an Evil Presence watches and steals their clothes! Awakened by screams and eerie noises the guys' reality turns into a naked nightmare of stalking zombies fight crazed monsters graveyard ghouls and ghosts in the attic. Thrill to the exciting naked action as these buffed-out boys collectively flex their bare muscular bodies to deter these devilish demons.
893086 A nightmarish evening unfolds for David a former New York Times journalist when he and his strange new neighbor Robert accidentally hit a girl on her bike. Buzzed and disoriented David lets Robert convince him to flee the scene and leave the girl for dead in order to protect his career. Robert shows no remorse and in the name of friendship he does unspeakable things to protect the secret. Now that the police are full-on hunting for the hit-and-run killer things begin to spiral out of control when David’s local newspaper sends him to cover the story where he meets the deceased girl’s sister Vanessa. Despite the circumstances and her deep desire to find her sister’s killer the two immediately have a romantic connection which surprises and haunts David while pushing Robert to take brutal steps to keep his new friend to himself.
"893727 A scathing critique/celebration of early-'90s tabloid culture twenty years in the making! In 1992 a suburban New York teenager named Amy Fisher captured the national media's attention when she shot her lover's wife in the face. This sordid tale of underage sex aggravated assault and Joey Buttafuoco managed to spawn not one not two but three separate made-for-TV movies - a television first. Drew Barrymore (The Amy Fisher Story) Alyssa Milano (Casualties of Love: The ""Long Island Lolita"" Story) and Noėlle Parker (Lethal Lolita - Amy Fisher: My Story) all took stabs at portraying the disturbed young lady yet a true on-screen depiction of Amy Fisher has never emerged - until now. In this Rashomon of found footage film director Dan Kapelovitz (""Threee Geniuses"") mind-melds the multiple melodramas into one ultimate metadrama mashup."
894199 Matilda is a little girl with astonishing wit intelligence and psychokinetic powers. She's unloved by her cruel parents but impresses her schoolteacher the highly loveable Miss Honey. Over the course of her first term at school Matilda and Miss Honey have a profound effect on each other's lives as Miss Honey begins not only to recognize but also appreciate Matilda's extraordinary personality. Matilda's school life isn't completely smooth sailing however – the school's mean headmistress Miss Trunchbull hates children and just loves thinking up new punishments for those who don't abide by her rules. But Matilda has courage and cleverness in equal amounts and could be the school pupils' saving grace!
895334 Seven childhood friends with a history and shared experiences from their past meet for dinner to see together a rare lunar eclipse. This bourgeois and routine event takes a turn as they start playing a game that will change their lives: every message call or alert they receive on their phone is exposed to the eyes of everyone. Betrayals lies secrets and accounts that are 20 years old rise and float to the surface and question the long-standing friendships and internal relationships in it.
895483 An essential documentary tracing the story of folk icons Runrig • Following their 45-year career; their ups and downs twists and turns tears of joy and heartbreak. Charting the unlikely rise of a band of friends who would go on to become Scotland's own House Band. • Directed by Jack Cocker and packed with never-before-seen footage and photographs from the band's private archives and a wealth of exclusive extras In 1973 two brothers and a friend from the Scottish island of Skye formed a ceilidh dance band. From those humble beginnings they would go on to tour the world release a string of hit records and touch the hearts of millions of fans. Inspired by the language and history of the Western Isles Runrig took Gaelic culture from the dance halls of the Highlands to massive arenas around the world providing the soundtrack to an era when Scotland rediscovered it's roots and it's confidence.
895668 Going Circular unlocks the secrets to an innovative concept called circularity -- an economic system that eliminates waste and saves the planet’s resources. The film tells the story of four visionaries from around the world - 102-year-old inventor Dr. James Lovelock biomimicry biologist Janine Benyus designer Arthur Huang and financier John Fullerton - whose extraordinary experiences changed the way they think about humanity’s future. Each of their stories leads them to a fundamental reassessment of what our food our cities our financial system even our fashion industry could look like if we create produce and distribute within Earth's natural boundaries.
896689 A heartwarming and tender portrait of men whose lives have been forever changed by their cats CAT DADDIES takes us on an inspiring journey all across the United States.  These nine “cat dads” come from all walks of life – a firefighter a truck driver a Hollywood stuntman an ad executive turned cat rescuer a police officer a software engineer an actor/Instagram influencer a school teacher and an undocumented and disabled immigrant living on the streets of New York City.  They couldn’t be any more different but each of them has a compelling story to tell and share an unconditional love for their cats.  A refreshing and timely exploration of modern masculinity CAT DADDIES shows us how being a “cat person” has no gender and that the unlikely bond between man and cat is here to stay.
897338 Several years after the murderous events of the first movie left her father dead Emma is now living with her aunt Angela and navigating high school. Angela’s husband begins to suspect that Emma may not be as innocent as she appears and suggests sending her off to boarding school. Meanwhile a new girl at school seems to know Emma’s secrets leaving Emma no choice but to slip back to her old ways and take care of her enemies by any means necessary.
897561 The story of the extraordinary final chapter of Freddie Mercury’s life and how after his death from AIDS Queen staged one of the biggest concerts in history the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert at Wembley Stadium to celebrate his life and challenge the prejudices around HIV/AIDS. For the first time Freddie's story is told alongside the experiences of those who tested positive for HIV and lost loved ones during the same period. Medical practitioners survivors and human rights campaigners recount the intensity of living through the AIDS pandemic and the moral panic it brought about.
899756 Singles Match: Evil Uno vs. Tony Deppen Singles Match: Aramis vs. Dragon Lee #1 Contender Match: Jonathan Gresham vs. Alex Shelley Trios Tag Team Match: Lee Moriarty & Lil’ Rascalz (Trey Miguel & Myron Reed) vs. Jack Cartwheel Dante Martin & Alex Zayne Singles Match: JD Drake vs. AJ Gray Vacant PWG World Tag Team Championship Title Match: Black Taurus & Demonic Flamita vs. Kings of the Black Throne (Brody King & Malakai Black) PWG World Championship Title Match: Bandido (c) vs. Davey Richards
901371 Looking past caricature and propaganda to a searching and human character study Alex's War draws on twenty-five years of Infowars archives unprecedented personal interviews and months of backstage access to examine the shattering of our shared national narrative through the rollercoaster career of one of America’s most infamous charismatic and divisive public figures.  Building around Jones’ first ever independent long-form interviews behind-the-scenes footage from his studio and rallies and full access to the Infowars archives acclaimed director Alex Lee Moyer traces the twenty- five year rollercoaster of a career that brings him to the manic election in the winter of 2020—a moment Jones sees not just as the culmination of his lifelong mission but the decisive point in the fate of humanity.
903396 Marcella is the sick young daughter of a toy maker. One night her toys come alive to take her on an adventure to meet the Doll Doctor in hopes that he will mend her broken heart. After decades of being lost media the cult classic musical has finally been brought back to life thanks to the efforts of R.A.R.E. (Raggedy Ann Revival Effort). The film is edited together by using footage from the New York State Archives surviving bootlegs of the show and demo recordings.
903458 A feature documentary presented and directed by former Royal Marines Commando Emile Ghessen. The documentary tells the story of the 2020 war between Armenia and Azerbaijan over the disputed region of Nagorno Karabakh.  In the fall of 2020 Armenia and Azerbaijan fought a brutal bloody war. Azerbaijan won decisively. The feature documentary 45 Days: The Fight for a Nation tells the story of this conflict from the Armenian perspective focusing on the human cost of war and its impact on the large Armenian diaspora.
906221 Mike Lane takes to the stage again after a lengthy hiatus following a business deal that went bust leaving him broke and taking bartender gigs in Florida. For what he hopes will be one last hurrah Mike heads to London with a wealthy socialite who lures him with an offer he can’t refuse… and an agenda all her own. With everything on the line once Mike discovers what she truly has in mind will he—and the roster of hot new dancers he’ll have to whip into shape—be able to pull it off?
909562 Sisters Kristina (Deborah Joy Winans) and Vicky (Lisa Michelle Cornelius) receive an early Christmas gift—a luxurious vacation at an exclusive resort—from their Aunt Debbie (Marium Carvell) who hopes to bring them together after they've grown apart since their mother’s death. The sisters are less than thrilled by the idea of spending time together: Vicky loves Christmas whereas Kristina no longer enjoys the holiday without their mom. With strong convincing from Aunt Debbie the sisters reluctantly accept her gift. Once they arrive at the resort Kristina and Vicky run into Reginé (Kyana Teresa) a famous singer and one-time best friend who left them behind when fame came calling.
910687 Over a five month period in 1955 four women are stabbed to death in Montmartre after dark a prostitute and a midwife among them - women with nothing in common beyond being brunette. Justice minister Morel leans on chief Inspector Maigret to catch the murderer and Maigret sets a trap using policewoman Marthe Jusserard as a decoy. She survives an attack sartorial evidence leading to married mother's boy Marcel Moncin whom Maigret arrests. However whilst Moncin is in custody there is a further murder and Maigret looks to Moncin's family to help solve the murders.
912269 An unofficial prequal to the 1974 hit movie The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.  While recovering from the loss of someone close Jimmy's friends bring him to the Texas countryside to escape city life. In need of supplies for their cabin they ascend to a gas station where they are directed to find their supplies at an isolated farmhouse. The property is not as it seems. They find themselves hunted by a cannibalistic psychopath with an arsenal of violent tools at his disposal. In the end any that do escape his clutches will wish they hadn't.
912504 Emma is a hyper efficient corporate events planner who doesn’t have time for love – until her sister Miranda reveals that the wedding of her dreams is in six weeks and she has last minute travel plans for work. Emma agrees to step in and plan it herself with the help of Brett’s Best Man Liam who Emma had a disastrous blind date with years ago. Finding common ground is definitely a challenge but as they stand-in on behalf of their friends’ love they discover they might be making room for their own.
"912861 Moments before the curtains rise on their high school’s production of Julius Caesar Rob (Brutus) accidentally stabs Wyatt (Caesar) backstage. Rob and his best friend Craig (Cassius) must then try to get Wyatt ready for the show or -if things don’t work out- hide the body and find a replacement. Before the night is over they’ll have to deal with a lovesick Casca a sledgehammer-wielding Antony and a stray Nick Bottom who has been kidnapped from the rival high school’s Midsummer.  The filmed version of the Shakespeare in the Dark production of “Et Tu Rob?” combines the best elements of live theatre film and streaming to bring the ""cultural"" ""phenomenon"" to homes around the world for a thrilling once-in-a-lifetime experience."
913742 Dissecting one of the most influential platforms of the contemporary social media landscape TikTok Boom. examines the algorithmic socio-political economic and cultural influences and impact of the history-making app. This rigorous exploration balances a genuine interest in the TikTok community and its innovative mechanics with a healthy skepticism around the security issues global political challenges and racial biases behind the platform. A cast of Gen Z subjects helmed by influencer Feroza Aziz remains at its center making this one of the most needed and empathetic films exploring what it means to be a digital native.
913814 An endearing outlier Brian lives alone in a Welsh valley inventing oddball contraptions that seldom work. After finding a discarded mannequin head Brian gets an idea. Three days a washing machine and sundry spare parts later he’s invented Charles an artificially intelligent robot who learns English from a dictionary and proves a charming cheeky companion. Before long however Charles also develops autonomy. Intrigued by the wider world — or whatever lies beyond the cottage where Brian has hidden him away — Charles craves adventure.
913822 History exists beyond what is written. The Africatown residents in Mobile Alabama have shared stories about their origins for generations. Their community was founded by enslaved ancestors who were transported in 1860 aboard the last known and illegal slave ship Clotilda. Though the ship was intentionally destroyed upon arrival its memory and legacy weren’t. Now the long-awaited discovery of the Clotilda’s remains offers this community a tangible link to their ancestors and validation of a history so many tried to bury.
913824 On June 3 1973 a man was murdered in a busy intersection of San Francisco’s Chinatown as part of an ongoing gang war. Chol Soo Lee a 20-year-old Korean immigrant who had previous run-ins with the law was arrested and convicted based on flimsy evidence and the eyewitness accounts of white tourists who couldn’t distinguish between Asian features. Sentenced to life in prison Chol Soo Lee would spend years fighting to survive behind bars before journalist K.W. Lee took an interest in his case. The intrepid reporter’s investigation would galvanize a first-of-its-kind pan-Asian American grassroots movement to fight for Chol Soo Lee’s freedom ultimately inspiring a new generation of social justice activists.
913852 Naz a cynical and charismatic 20-something has spent his entire life in tranquil O’ahu Hawaiʻi skateboarding with his friends and hosting a nightly radio show where he spotlights emerging musicians. When his girlfriend Sloane nabs the chance to move to bustling New York Naz begins preparing for their big move planning every detail down to his cat’s absurd flight plan. Even when dreaming about what life outside the island might look like however Naz wonders whether uprooting his world is the right decision and if anywhere will ever really feel like home when he’s always been an eternal outsider.
913868 Decades after her untimely death Princess Diana continues to evoke mystery glamour and the quintessential modern fairy tale gone wrong. As a symbol of both the widening fissures weakening the British monarchy and the destructive machinery of the press the Princess of Wales navigated an unparalleled rise to fame and the corrosive challenges that came alongside it. Crafted entirely from immersive archival footage and free from the distraction of retrospective voices this hypnotic and audaciously revealing documentary takes a distinctive formal approach allowing the story of the People’s Princess to unfold before us like never before.
914243 Beth is a helpline volunteer – part of the small army that gets on the phone every night across America fielding calls from all kinds of people feeling lonely broken hopeless. Over the last year the tide has become a tsunami. As Beth goes through her shift the stakes rise: is this the night she will lose someone? Save someone? Eventually Beth’s own story comes to light revealing why she does it. All along we remain with her: listening comforting connecting – patching the world back together one stitch at a time.
"915151 THE TRAIN is an allegory inspired by current events. There is an ongoing battle between good and evil and Christianity is now under severe persecution. The film starts in the not-too-distant future in the year 2041 and it pivots between two different timelines.  This film illustrates the conflicts as well as the erosion evil powers have created within the Roman Catholic Church. The laity itself becomes the main force holding the church together as it fights the powers of darkness that takes the lives of Father Michael Christie and her two daughters Anna and Mary. The evil ""Grandmother"" who is the head of an ancient crime syndicate and hates all of humanity is desperately trying to get her hands on a vial which contains some droplets of the blood of Christ now in the possession of Cardinal Langham who bravely stands up to the communist forces that are chopping Christian's heads off."
916053 Doesn't every girl dream of getting... something from Tiffany's? On 5th Avenue in New York City where nothing compares to the magic and excitement of the holidays where the streets blaze with lights and windows dazzle a special box from Tiffany could change the course of a person's life. Or several lives. Rachel and Gary are happy enough but not quite ready for that big commitment. Ethan and Vanessa the perfect picture are just about to make it official. When a simple mix-up of gifts causes all of their paths to cross it sets off a series of twists and unexpected discoveries that lead them where they're truly meant to be. Because love -- like life -- is full of surprises.
916605 Reclusive and controversial author Bruce Cogburn is drawn out of hiding by an obsessive fan forcing the novelist to confront a past that he thought he could escape and to account for events set in motion by his bestseller decades earlier. Cogburn's search for who is behind the manipulation and mental torment he encounters leads to an emotional roller-coaster ride full of fear and danger where things are not always as clear as they seem to be and where past deeds can have dire consequences.
918177 Hannah a thriving romance columnist thinks she’s got life and love figured out… until her longtime boyfriend unexpectedly breaks up with her. At the same time Hannah’s editor hires a new writer Liam to work with her and give the column a male perspective. The two clash over their approach and sparks fly. To prove himself Liam offers to help Hannah get her ex-boyfriend back. But in the process of proving each other wrong they begin to realize they may be right for each other.
919355 Many years after the war has been lost and all the dragons slain a lone knight travels the lands of Agonos seeking to raise an army against the demon lord Abaddon. When a healer's vision reveals that one dragon still lives and together with an eager young squire the knight sets off in search of the fabled creature. As the armies of Abaddon descend on the human kingdoms the dragon is their last hope of fending off the horde before it lays waste to the lands of men. But does the creature even exist? And if it does will it fight for them once more?
919746 After training as a junior perfumer in Paris American Rosalie fails to secure a job in France leaving her no option but to return home to the small town she was brought up in with her sister. With a small inheritance from her late grandmother she decides to try to rent a store to sell her own perfume. The only space available is shared with the local furniture store owned by the previously geeky kid from school Jason who has now blossomed into a handsome man.
922213 Crystal is an arena touring show by Cirque du Soleil that started previewing to the public in October 2017 with an official premiere in December 2017. It is Cirque du Soleil's 42nd original show since 1984 and the first one done on an ice rink where most of the performers are ice skating throughout the show and blends several circus acts with high-level ice skating. It is described as a woman shattering reality to discover herself in the world of possibility.
922308 A feature-length documentary on the life of one of the last surviving actresses from the golden age of Hollywood – Joan Collins. This epic film is told from the ringside as Joan narrates her rollercoaster life story with her inimitable wit and verve. A worldwide television phenomenon with her decade-defining role in Dynasty Collins shares her extraordinary archive and never before seen home movie footage giving an intimate glimpse into one of the world’s most iconic figures. Against a backdrop of Collins’s own narration her story showcases the extraordinary life of a woman who has lived through the glitz the glamour and the enduring moments of Hollywood history and survived it all with panache.
923597 U.S. Marshal Mason Pollard specializes in “erasing” people – faking the deaths of high-risk witnesses. With the technological advances of the last 25 years the game has upgraded and it’s just another day at the office when he’s assigned to Rina Kimura a crime boss’ wife who’s decided to turn state’s evidence. As the two flee to Cape Town South Africa Pollard discovers he’s been set up and will need to be at the top of his game or he’ll be the one who’s erased.
924606 Green Day brought the first day of the Reading Festival to a vibrant close that cemented the view both veterans were trading on tried and tested values. Highlights from their trio of recent albums notably the anthemic ’99 Revolutions’ contrasted well with crowd-pleasing rabble-rousers among them ‘Know Your Enemy’. At the heart of the set was a run-through their breakthrough album Dookie 20 years young next year. The punk-pop threesome sped through it so quickly that less memorable material was soon forgotten as they hurried to the evergreen ‘Basket Case’ and the romantic ‘She’.
925375 Regarded as ‘Britain’s greatest living playwright’ (Times) Tom Stoppard’s critically acclaimed new play Leopoldstadt is a passionate drama of love family and endurance.  At the beginning of the 20th century Leopoldstadt was the old crowded Jewish quarter of Vienna Austria. But Hermann Merz a factory owner and baptised Jew now married to Catholic Gretl has moved up in the world.  We follow his family’s story across half a century passing through the convulsions of war revolution impoverishment annexation by Nazi Germany and the Holocaust. A company of 40 actors represent each generation of the family in this epic but intimate play.  Filmed live on stage in London’s West End ‘Tom Stoppard’s masterpiece is magnificent’ (Independent) and should not be missed.  A production from Sonia Friedman Productions.
926908 If you’ve seen Top Gun or Transformers you may have wondered: Does all of that military machinery on screen come with strings attached? Does the military actually get a crack at the script? With the release of a vast new trove of internal government documents the answers have come into sharp focus: the US military has exercised editorial control over thousands of films and television programs. As these activities gain new public scrutiny new questions arise: How have they managed to fly under the radar for so long? And where do we go from here?
927563 It's the day young boys dream about and can turn tough guys to tears.  Grand Final day: Rugby League's finest tradition and most anticipated event. It is the culmination of a lifetime's devotion.  Being crowned Premiers is rightfully regarded as the pinnacle of the code; the ultimate reward for boasting the right blend of skill speed and most of all relentless determination. Nobody knows that better than the great Laurie Daley which makes him the perfect host for this unique reflection of every competition decider since 1980.  From Steve Gearin's incredible try for Canterbury right through to Penrith's 2003 title this compelling programme covers every grand final in between and the moments that mattered - unforgettable affairs like the legendary thrillers of 1989 and '97 to name just two - with recollections from the champions who etched their names so boldly in history with inspirational deeds under the most intense pressure that any footballer can face.
931176 WHAT IF in the unforeseen future when there are not enough boys in Singapore? If Girls have to serve National Service also what will happen? The story will focus on the first batch of female recruits a bunch of Gen Z teens and youngsters with different backgrounds and education. As they trained under the fierce leadership of Sergeant Chow and Lieutenant Roxanne they find themselves being pushed to the limit of their potential. Together they overcome hardship and initial resistance to serve NS and discover newfound abilities using it to solve and mend relationships in their personal life as well.
933962 More Than Robots follows four international teams of teenagers as they prepare for the 2020 FIRST Robotics Competition. Get to know competitors from Los Angeles Mexico City and Chiba Japan as they work towards the ultimate goal of taking their unique designs all the way to the highly competitive global championships. Along the way they must overcome challenges such as having limited resources or putting everything on hold because of the COVID pandemic. The kids persevere and learn that there is a lot more to the competition than just robots.
933965 Trailblazing hell-raising country music legend Tanya Tucker defied the standards of how a woman in country music was supposed to behave. Decades after Tanya slipped from the spotlight rising Americana music star Brandi Carlile takes it upon herself to write an entire album for her hero based on Tanya’s extraordinary life spurring the greatest comeback in country music history. Taking stock of the past while remaining vitally alive in the present and keeping an eye on the future The Return of Tanya Tucker is a rousing exploration of an unexpected friendship built on the joy of a perfectly timed creative collaboration.
"934323 Mickey Mouse is one of the most enduring symbols in our history. Those three simple circles take on meaning for virtually everyone on the planet. So ubiquitous in our lives that he can seem invisible Mickey is something we all share with unique memories and feelings. Over the course of his nearly century-long history Mickey functions like a mirror reflecting our personal and cultural values back at us. ""Mickey: The Story of a Mouse"" explores Mickey's significance getting to the core of what Mickey's cultural impact says about each of us and about our world."
934621 Celtic Woman’s new DVD represents the sentiment they would like to share with their fans around the world: one of love hope and expectation as the world looks towards getting back together again.  What better way to express these wishes than to write and send a postcard but this postcard is written with the music and songs from Celtic Woman’s DVD ‘Postcards From Ireland’.  This new DVD features Celtic Woman performing 13 brand new songs plus some fan favourites and also contains exclusive behind the scenes footage and interviews.  Filmed in 14 iconic locations around the island of Ireland join Celtic Woman on this magical journey stopping off to perform their music in some of the most stunning land and seascapes in the country.
935378 The Price of Cheap tells the stories of modern slaves in textiles manufacturing supply chains and the brave individuals fighting on the ground against immeasurable odds to help them. We follow a man named Joseph Raj who runs an organization called T.E.S.T. (Trust for Education and Social Transformation) in Tamil Nadu India as he goes on raids to rescue underage children from unsafe and labour intensive factories. We hear from the survivors he has helped rescue hear of their horrific experiences and desire for education and change. Academics and social justice workers weigh in on why the issue of forced labour persists.
935845 Are you ready for the GCW: Fight Club 2?  On February 4th GCW: Fight Club 2 is live on FITE straight from Houston Premier Arena TX!  Check the full lineup below:  4-way match  Mascara Dorada vs Gringo Loco vs Blake Christian vs ASF  Atticus Cogar vs Gino Medina  All-Star Scramble  Matthew Justice vs Allie Katch vs Grim Reefer vs Jimmy Lloyd vs Jordan Oliver vs Chris Carter  GCW Extreme Championship  AJ Gray vs Mysterious Q  Bryan Keith vs Effy  Ninja Mack vs Nick Wayne  Loko Wrestling Championship  Dante Leon vs Sam Stackhouse  Matt Tremont vs Sadika  *lineup subject to change
936578 Ever wonder what it would be like to bring your favorite dead rock star back to life? Alberta certainly has. Since she was a kid she's dreamed of a world where ultimate 60s rock icon Russell Aquarius was still alive and writing songs just for her. Now a successful computer programmer she takes her fandom and wishful thinking a step further and makes a Russell Aquarius avatar. Her loneliness and a freak power outage give her more than she bargains for when sparks fly not just in her computer but also in reality when Russell's avatar comes to life.
936972 Two hours of original content previously only available to paid up members of DavidLynch.com. This Best Of package includes 7 short films plus 3 intervalometer camera experiments. All shorts are written directed edited and scored by David Lynch with introductions from David before each item. Also includes 20 minutes of David Lynch answering an interesting variety of questions from members of his website. Contains The Darkened Room Boat Lamp Out Yonder Neighbor Boy Industrial Soundscape The Bug Crawls Inveralometer Experiments Members Questions.
937110 The movie centers around Elizabeth who with the support of her mother-in-law Nonna is doing everything she can to keep her late husband’s once acclaimed — but now struggling — Italian restaurant afloat. With business going downhill she is forced to work with a professional restaurant consultant Ben to see if they can turn things around. At first Elizabeth resists the changes Ben believes will save the restaurant but as they get closer Elizabeth realizes that not all change is bad. She rediscovers her passion for baking and might even open her heart to new love.
938055 First they were called 'Guest-workers' then foreigners and now 'Allah's Daughters Without Rights'. BERLINER is a documentary film that exposes assumptions about and issues for women of Turkish background living in Berlin: navigating wearing (or not wearing) the headscarf a classist education system and sensationalist media stories about their lives. BERLINER explores the lives of first second and third generation women and their real struggles as Muslims and as part of the largest minority group in Berlin: post-war post-Wall and post 9/11.
939145 What do you picture when you think of King’s Road? The swinging 60s? Vivienne Westwood pioneering punk fashion? One notable establishment in this enclave of history that’s often forgotten about is Gateways London’s longest-surviving lesbian club. Alongside a host of its patrons over the years Sandi Toksvig highlights the legacy of the club from its original owner who won it in a poker game to its blossoming into a hotspot and safe space for lesbian life. From its signature green door to the risqué dance move that gives this film its name Gateways was a crucial part of London’s queer history. In this charming and informative film it’s celebrated in all its glory.
939575 Romance novelist Emilia is a whirlwind who blows back into the lives of her adult children Taylor and Zach under the pretense of a book signing arranged by her hometown's local book shop. As Emilia tries to reconnect Taylor and Zach explore new and past relationships through an app that boasts old-fashioned human connection by way of the classified ad. Zach is given a chance to heal old wounds while Taylor matches with a woman that changes the way she's always thought about love.
940001 Bob James made his name in fusion and smooth jazz but some of us believe the pianist’s acoustic trio records represent his highest art. His 1996 album Straight Up with bassist Christian McBride and drummer Brian Blade and 2004’s Take It from the Top with bassist James Genus and drummer Billy Kilson are career highlights and gems of their genre. Those records will never escape the shadow of 1978’s Touchdown or 1975’s One but now James gives us the best of both worlds revisiting his biggest hits in a trio format and tossing in other tunes.  Despite its title Feel Like Making LIVE! isn’t a concert recording. It was recorded “live in the studio” with old pal Kilson and young bassist Michael Palazzolo who’s been in James’ bands for several years now. Rather than swing like a bop trio they play classy R&B- and pop-tinged jazz that’s both accessible and adventurous.
941053 The true story of 14-year-old freshman Abby Hernandez who vanished while walking home from school in North Conway New Hampshire. Kicking off the state’s largest search Abby’s disappearance left her family especially her mother Zenya  investigators and the community mystified of her whereabouts. Taken by Nathaniel Kibby Abby was kept is a soundproof container and forced to wear a shock collar while enduring psychological sexual and emotional abuse. Despite suffering daily torture Abby kept hope alive that she would one day be able to see her family again.
"944603 There are only a few German bands that manage to become the soundtrack of an entire generation with a few chords and a few lines of lyrics that you hadn't heard before. After ""Open Your Eyes"" ""Lords of The Boards"" and countless other hits life was different for many teenagers than before somehow what was wrong before became right. In 1997 the Guano Apes played the legendary Cologne E-Werk in Grund und Boden with irrepressible power this DVD is nothing less than a contemporary document that shows where at that time the top of alternative rock was throughout Europe. Three number 1 albums and a few hits further... 14 years later the Guano Apes returned here in 2011 ""Bel Air"" was the name of the furious comeback. Everything was different and yet pleasantly familiar. They knew each other and the Apes shook the Cologne E-Werk a second time. Have fun!"
946436 The Best of Mont Tremblant Quebec: Nestled high in Quebec's Laurentian Mountains historic Mont Tremblant is a beautiful resort area with a French-Canadian flair. Founded in 1939 and touted in the early days by radio commentator Lowell Thomas Mont Tremblant has long been one of the favorite places to ski in the East. In fact it's the second-oldest major ski area in North America. The Best of Killington Vermont (America's 6 Mountain Ski Resort):With six beautiful mountains interconnected by a system of 107 trails Killington is the most popular ski resort in the eastern United States. Located in the Green Mountains of Central Vermont Killington offers the highest lift-serviced skiing in New England and 77 miles of the most diverse skiing terrain to be found anywhere. Thanks to the world's most extensive snowmaking system the Killington ski season stretches from October to June.
"946447 The Best of Steamboat Springs Colorado:There is a magic about Steamboat Springs. It's beautiful exciting warm and friendly. You'll feel the magic from the moment you get there. Powder bumps cruising trees you'll find it all at Steamboat. And there is so much to do! Hot air balloon rides elk feeding tours dog sled rides visits to the hot springs gondola lifts and more than fifty restaurants to choose from. You can shop for art browse for antiques tour the high country in a snow cat take a dinner sleigh ride and so much more.The Best of Copper Mountain Colorado:They call it a ""skier's mountain"" because the terrain is naturally and equally divided into skiing for all levels of ability. But if ""white hot"" skiing is what you are after then Copper Mountain is the Colorado ski resort for you. It tells you where to go to rent or buy equipment and shop for that new ski outfit."
946581 The story of 16-year-old Kayla Adams whose mother Karen is advised by the school’s counselor to send Kayla to get treatment at a youth residential treatment center after she gets expelled from school. Kayla arrives at the Utah facility on the same day as her roommate Amanda a treatment program veteran who knows exactly what the girls were in for. Led by headmistress Miss Connie the staff uses draconian methods including force-feeding medications arbitrary punishments solitary confinement verbal and physical abuse to keep the students in line. After being pushed to their limits and stripped of their lifelines including any ability to freely communicate with the outside world the two young women must band together to survive and fight to expose the abuse before it’s too late.
949712 In April 2021 in the perfect storm left behind by the Coronavirus pandemic owners and executives of the 12 most powerful clubs in world football attempted a bullish and brazen power grab. Years of secret talks and backroom dealings culminated in a seismic late-night announcement - these dozen rivals were joining forces and breaking away from centuries of sporting tradition to launch a brand new competition that would secure their club's futures for decades to come. Designed to secure the financial future of football for the next 23 years The Super League created a fury of opposition from the entire football world and collapsed in just 48 hours. Super Greed: The Fight for Football tells the dramatic inside story of the doomed league through the eyes of those who helped to bring it tumbling down.
950394 Sir Ranulph Fiennes is credited as being the World’s Greatest Living Explorer. Among his extraordinary achievements he was the first to circumnavigate the world from pole to pole crossed the Antarctic on foot broke countless world records and discovered a lost city in Arabia. He has travelled to the most dangerous places on Earth lost half his fingers to frostbite raised millions of pounds for charity and was nearly cast as James Bond. But who is the man who prefers to be known as just ‘Ran’?
950618 Jeff Mitchell seems to have it all. He has an interesting and lucrative job a loving wife and two amazing kids. Therefore life is good. However on one bright day a cosmic sucker punch comes out of the blue. When Jeff was in high school unbeknownst to him he got his girlfriend pregnant. Next the girl moved away had the baby and raised her as a single mother never telling her daughter Carlee who her real father was. However Carlee's mother recently died in a tragic accident prompting Carlee to try and uncover the truth. Maybe Jeff is not so lucky after all?
952603 When a high school junior is forced to transfer to a new school after her mom is admitted to rehab she quickly rubs the reigning mean girl the wrong way. The teen’s aunt and uncle offer to throw a sweet sixteen party to help her adjust but the jealous queen bee will stop at nothing to destroy her plans including murder. The teen’s mom must redeem herself and help save the party but more importantly her relationship with her daughter.
952665 True hard core collectors have no boundaries they will buy three of everything and must have all the staple items of their fandom on their shelves. Experience the world of VHS obsessed enthusiasts who celebrate their own unique culture and live and breathe all things VHS. The format that never dies is back and here to stay! Celebrate all things cult cinema and delve deep into the minds of avid collectors who will stop at nothing to collect every beloved movie of their youth on VHS.
953740 Writer Zora Matthews is the daughter of famous author Thomas Morgan Matthews who died a year ago. Both Zora and Thomas suffer from schizophrenia. After a fight with husband Drew Zora escapes to her father's hideaway house in beautiful Topanga Canyon. There Zora is introduced to bartender Eddie his wife Lorena and handyman Amadi. They all talk cryptically about how Zora's father changed their world. The stress triggers Zora's schizophrenia and her dreams become horrific as she slowly discovers that her father's past included grisly murder and suicide and the ghosts of his actions are back to haunt her and drive her insane.
954639 Sketch-show sensation Catherine Tate tells the story of the decade in which she became a household name. She meets with comedy glitterati Alan Carr David Walliams Noel Fielding Rob Brydon and her Doctor Who co-star David Tennant all of whom reflect on the greatest comedy moments in recent history. As well as showcasing all the most entertaining memorable comedy of the time the documentary also features newsreel and pop culture archive that contextualises the gags. It reveals not just what was funny but why it was funny. Catherine's journey provides new insight and revelations and features anecdotes from some of the biggest names in comedy.
956043 When Nightwish’s world tour was canceled due to the pandemic the band wanted to offer fans something unprecedented. Half a year in preparation they put together an exceptionally ambitious production the like of which had not been seen before. Fans were able to follow the band playing live in the astonishing 3D world designed according to the band’s vision while interacting with each other. Also songs from Nightwish’s latest album ‘Human. : II: Nature.’ were played live for the first time. 'An Evening with Nightwish in a Virtual World’ concert streamed last year across 108 countries to over 150000 viewers.
956475 Meet the four talented autistic members of the ASD Band: piano prodigy Ron with an impeccable memory for reciting the correct day of the week for any date in history; lead singer Rawan who uses makeup to express herself and can hit an impressively high pitch; Spenser an energetic drummer with an affinity for punk rock music; and guitarist Jackson who loves all things 1950s. Their love of music brings them together to form one kick-ass garage band. After releasing a number of covers the band is now embarking upon the challenging journey of writing their first album of original music. With the guidance of Maury their musical director the band's garage sessions segue to the recording studio where for the first time each member shares their own compositions. Will they be able to pull it off and celebrate the launch with their first-ever public show?
956940 Deep in the jungle of Central Vietnam lies a magnificent underground kingdom.  Hang Son Doong which translates as “mountain river cave” is the largest cave passage in the world and a place of spectacular beauty.  With more people having climbed Everest than visited Son Doong its pristine charm has remained undisturbed for millions of years.  In 2014 Son Doong’s future was thrown into doubt when plans were announced to build a cable car into the cave.  With many arguing that this would destroy its delicate eco-system and the local community divided over the benefits this development would bring the film follows those caught up in the unfolding events.  Beautifully shot and scored “A Crack In The Mountain” is a powerful exposé about how both good and bad intentions can ultimately lead to one of the world’s greatest natural wonders being trampled for money. As well as inspire those who care about our natural heritage to fight to protect it.
957445 The members of the Fallen Angels Murder Club must have two things in common — a love for books and have a criminal record. Hollis Morgan meets both requirements. When a member of her book club is murdered in a scene straight out of the previous night’s novel Hollis becomes the subject of police scrutiny. Refusing to get stuck with another bad rap Hollis sets out to investigate her fellow club members and after a second book-inspired murder she races to identify the killer before she becomes the next victim.
"957800 Brie Hayes is an aspiring baker who wishes to win her school's Spring Bake Off Challenge. Troubles ensue when Brie's confidence reaches an ultimate low and her ""arch nemesis"" Vanessa does everything she can to slim Brie's chances of winning. Brie's family and her best friend Millie must help her gain perspective and practice to win. Stakes are high as these pre-teens compete for the grand prize of $5000 and for four Cosmo Land tickets. This is the ultimate baking movie for children and adults who love watching cooking and baking shows."
957837 Poppy Valentine a young circus performer who has grown up in her family's traveling circus has never dreamed of what life would be like outside of its fences. However now in her mid-20s and with more unwelcomed responsibility weighing her down she's desperate to figure out if this life is for her. As she slowly begins to take time for herself finding independence and even love she strains her relationship with those around her in the tight-knit circus community. In the end amidst her overprotective father stressful circus expectations and her blossoming curiosity for a life of her own she must find a way to be happy.
959668 A Tear in the Sky takes you on an unprecedented journey into the UAP/UFO phenomenon as we follow a team of world-renowned experts scientists and military personnel who will attempt to unravel the UAP/UFO mysteries using state-of-the-art military-grade equipment and technology. While the UFO phenomenon has existed since the dawn of recorded history very little scientific research is accessible to the public. Most of the serious research is conducted by various governments and militaries across the planet; this film is a documentary on how a team of military veterans scientists and researchers come together and launch an investigation into this fascinating world of the unknown while providing the data and results to the public.
959785 David Attenborough brings to life in unprecedented detail the last days of the dinosaurs.  Palaeontologist Robert DePalma has made an incredible discovery in a prehistoric graveyard: fossilised creatures astonishingly well preserved that could help change our understanding of the last days of the dinosaurs. Evidence from his site records the day when an asteroid bigger than Mount Everest devastated our planet and caused the extinction of the dinosaurs. Based on brand new evidence witness the catastrophic events of that day play out minute by minute.
959899 Oski' is an intimate portrait of a young prodigy  and the culture that surrounds him. A film  documenting a year in the life of skateboarding  sensation Oskar ‘Oski’ Rozenberg as he  transforms from cool street skater to celebrity  sportsman competing in the Olympics.  The demands of being a sportman with  a shot at the gold medal in Tokyo weighs  hard on Oski. It’s obvious that he is not your  everyday athlete. Can his sport and his culture  survive the transition from underground to  mainstream? And will he loose himself and  everything dear to him in the process?  'Oski' explores the history of  a subculture at a pivotal point in its history  and how a humble and different thinking  athlete loved and adored by thousands of  skateboarders all around the world struggles  to find his own path in life as an adult and  sportsman.
960675 When investigative reporter Maya learns that her childhood best friend has gone missing she decides to cover the story herself. But just as her return to her hometown unearths memories and rekindles past relationships it also brings a long dormant (and still totally unknown) stalker that she had years ago. As her investigation deepens the danger strikes closer and closer to home. Will she uncover the truth about her friend’s disappearance? Or will Maya herself wind up being the next tragic news story?
961035 Interior decorator Zuri Maxwell had it all – a career she adored loving family and friends and a good man in her life artist Stephon Gardner. But greed threatens to destroy everything when Zuri meets handsome benefactor and entrepreneur Godfrey Anderson and his fabulously wealthy aunt Miss Viv. They have everything Zuri thinks she wants. As Godfrey romances her she compromises the values and morals that should guide her in an effort to be part of the moneyed world she so desperately wants to be part of.
961203 Sixty years ago in an obscure corner of Africa the only survivor of a light aircraft crash was a baby boy. Perhaps it was the miracle of his survival that gave him the gift of “sight” and he became a Sangoma the seer of the Kuvuki tribe interpreting the wishes of The Great One through the throwing of the bones. Hence his name “Bones.” Today at an advanced age but still fit in mind and body his mission is to pass on his wisdom to his son Mathambo and guide him into manhood – a mission doomed to fail because of both of their obsessive personalities.
962698 Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's most celebrated adventure gets a brilliantly farcical overhaul in Lotte Wakeham's acclaimed production. World-renowned detective Sherlock Holmes and his colleague Dr Watson are asked to unravel the mystery surrounding the untimely death of Sir Charles Baskerville. With rumours of a cursed giant hound loose on the loose moors they must act fast in order to save the Baskerville family's last remaining heir. A hit in the West End this ingenious adaptation combines an exhilarating collision of farce theatrical invention and wonderfully comic performances to offer a brand-new twist on the greatest detective story of all time. A whodunnit for all ages.
964319 The Adventure Mania is a 2021 American computer-animated adventure comedy film directed by Chris Miller in his feature directorial debut with a screenplay by J. David Stern David N. Weiss and Glenn Berger. It is a spin-off of the Ice Age franchise. Ray Romano (reprising his role as The Adventure Mania) Ashleigh Ball Fly Discopal Gamerduck and Max James also star in the film.  It follows the two lovebirds Victor and Penny and their adventure to becoming independent possums alongside the titular character CartoonMania. planned to be a television series The Adventure Mania was redeveloped into a feature-length film. Produced by Warner Bros. with animation services by Warner Bros. Home Video it was released on October 21 2021 as a Netflix film.
964910 The world stops spinning for fifteen year old Rudolph Priest when he survives a deadly school shooting. His heart breaks in two when he realizes his best friend Donny did not. Things spiral further out of control when it is revealed that Rudolph's older brother Randy was the man behind the murders and that their parents will stop at nothing to keep him out of prison. Now Rudolph must decide for himself whether he will bend to his family's will like he always has or if he will stand up to them stand by the community that his brother destroyed and find some sense of justice for the person he loved most in the world.
"967774 This is Academy Award-winning sound designer and editor Ben Burtt's novel edit of the 215-minute Spy Smasher serial (released as a 12-chapter serial action adventure by Republic Pictures in 1942) into one 94-minute feature.  Spy Smasher was based on a popular comic book character and tells the exciting tale of a costumed hero battling the Nazis in the early days of America's entry into World War II.  Burtt has also enhanced the sound effects remastered the mix in stereo surround included new special effects footage and added a few new scenes.  This ""love letter to Republic"" is a special edition that brings to life a new crackerjack thriller that would leave Indiana Jones breathless."
